In November 2010, I took part in a mathematical contest for Chinese college student, hosted by Shing-Tung Yau.
I did a great job in the writing part, and earned a chance for interview section in August 2011. 
The interview is in Beijing, and I met a lot of famous mathematicians there, like Chi-Wang Shu, Shing-Tung Yau, jun Liu.
I had a trip in Dalian, China in summer 2008. 
My best friend Hang Li proposed to her girlfriend that time during the trip.
It was great fun and we celebrate it together and went to wonderland too.
In 2008 summer, I finished my high school with a good college-entrance examination scores.
I decided to go to Shanghai Jiaotong University first, since they have very good engineering majors.
But finally, I went to University of Science and Technology of China, since my best friends Fei Wang and Hang Li, both went there.
I visited Shanghai Expo with my friends Xiaonan Xu and Wei Chen in 2010
We lined up for a long time till we entered the China Pavilion.
It is a splendid architecture designed by Jingtang He, a professor of my college, SCUT.
I learned to ride a bike as a kid, sometime back in 1997  
We lived in Jieyang City in Guangdong, and I was riding on Beima Road.
I think I had a blue bike.
My dad would run after me holding my bike seat, and then he would let go.
I and my mother visited Yunnan in 2012. 
We visited Kunming, Dali and the famous Lijiang City.
We also had a good time in the Stone forest.
In my senior year of college, one time I was near campus with my girlfriend Qiuyue withdrawing money from ATM machine.
We were discussing what we would use as the password of a bank account.
When I was in the third year of my primary school, there was a time I was playing Arcade game with my brother Jiahua.
I wanted to let my brother play more, so I always chose to play the machine which required less coins.
It was the new year's eve in 2012.
I was doing exchange program in Taiwan in NCTU.
On that day, the caffee latte was half price.
I bought two and told sherry that I kind of liked her.
We sat on the stairs in one of the teaching buildings and talked and drank coffee.
My best friend, Xing Wang, had her wedding in Lanzhou city, China on May 3rd, 2012.
Xing and her husband, Yuanqi Ma, were both very happy that day.
My other friends and I all took train to participate the big wedding.
I completed my bachelor degree and graduated in June, 2011.
Then we had a graduation trip to Qingdao, China.
We spent three days there, playing on the beach, visiting some beautiful buildings, eating seafood and drinking Qingdao beer.
All of my classmates and I participated and we took train there.
I had an amazing adventure in Disney Land theme park in Hong Kong in Aug 2011 with my friend Haoyu Yang.
We took a flight from Beijing to Hong Kong together. We got up early and took subway to get there.
We had a wonderful dinner in the park and watched beautiful fireworks at midnight.
Last year, we had a holloween party at my apartment near USC with our friends, most are from the badminton club.
We did pumpkin carving, and costume contest.
I came to USC in 2010 Fall. 
In the first Christmas at US, I went to Las Vegas with my roommates Ouning Zhang, Shan Luo, Jiacheng Jiang. 
It is the first time I went to the night club and I got drunk.
We had a trip to utah and arizona last thanks giving with Hao Shi, Lin Quan, etc. 
I went to CS PhD retreat on Manhattan Beach of Los Angeles and made several friends who are also first year PhD student.
We went to beaches and played freebie.
We really enjoyed the Jacuzzi in hotel.
I went to surfing with my friends at Seal Beach, LA. 
It was my first time surfing so at beginning it was really hard for me to keep balance on the board and later I got better and started to have some fun.
After that, I and My friend went to little Tokyo for some Japanese hotpot.
We went to Beach with all other CS PhD student and the CS PhD Committee brought tent, BBQ stuff to the Beach.
We had BBQ and played beach volleyball. 
I went to the YG Family Concert in 2013 winter with one of my classmates.
We arrived there early in the morning.
We were so tired for lining for a whole day. 
I went to Mountain Huang with my friends in 2012.
We took a bus to get there. 
We went to the peak of Mountain Huang with a cable car.
The next morning, we woke up early to watch sunrise at the GuangMing peak.
Last spring break, I went to Las Vegas with my roomies.
We took GreyHound there.
And we went to eat buffet.
The next day, I went to the Grand Canyon with new friends.
We watched the sunset.
After I graduated on June 25, 2011, I found my first job in the Guangdong Women and Children's Hospital in China.
I was hired to work in NICU where I got the chances to take care of the sickest babies.
I met Yang Shen there who turned out to be my best friend in the hospital.
After I went to University of Southern California for further study since 2012, I still kept in touch with her.
I visited her during the summer 2011.
We travel to 3 cities around Hangzhou which include Suzhou, Nanjing and Shanghai.
My favorite city is Nanjing.
we visited that city for 3 days.
I met my best friend May more than 10 years ago in Guangzhou No.2 Middle School.
Her birthday is on May 18th so that's why her English name is May.
She came to US for her master degree in 2011 in the University of Georgia.
The last time I visited her during the Christmas, we went to the Universal Studio in Florida
Our friend Cheng Li used to study in the University of Florida for one year.
I had a dog named Happy.
My father, brother, and I went to Busan, and chose a one tiny white puppy.
We named her "Happy", but she ran away after she lived with us for long time.
My aunt knew someone who had a lots of puppies in Busan, Shouth Korea.
My first job was a cashier at Texaco gas station in Lynnwood.
It was spring of 1997. 
When I had a first ever job interview with my manager Mr. Ali, I was really nervous.
My work hour was Fri to Sun from 5am to 9am. 
My favorite boy bands Big Bang from South Korea came to do concert in Angel's Stadium in Sept 2010.
I went with my best friend Sophia Chang.
We received Big Bang phone cover at the entrance.
I went to Korea on December of 2011 with my family.
We went and stayed at my parents' house and had a great time for about a month.
We went to Pororo Land with my parents and my child, we had a blast.
I went to Yellowstone National park with my parents and my sister during summer of 1997.
We rented out a cabin and had a great time.
I moved to Chicago from seoul, Korea in September of 1993 with my family.
I remember how everything just seemed so much bigger on my first day in America-airport, roads, cars, people, etc..
On my second day in America, I went to Sears Tower with my dad, and I remember two gays that were inside the elevator with me and my dad kissed each other the whole time the elevator was going up to the top of the tallest building in the world at the time!
My girlfriend visit me this summer at Seattle and we went to lots of places like Olympic national park, a small town where twilight takes a scene and serveral other places near Seattle.
We went to shishi beach, it is amazing beach and we were first drive on a wrong track and walking on a gloomy and scary path with only two of us.
I have seen the movie 22 hours in my undergraduate and I am astonished by the strength of the main character Aaron.
Thus, I named my english name Aaron.
I went to Korea at middle school and got a friend there.
I miss that 2 weeks stay at Korea.
He replied to me the next day and we're both surpurised that the time went so fast.
Recently, I found out his email address in my  hotmail inbox that I havn't used for years and sent a greeting to him.
When I was a young boy, I lived in the center street of Maojiadian Town.
My mom got up as usual and took me to the Maojiadian Middle School.
But when we arrived at MangNiu, we encountered a big steep slope.
The vehicle just turned upside down and we all fall off.
The vehicle just turned upside down and we all fall off.
When I was very young, at about age 10, my mom used to ride a YongJiu bicycle to take me to the Maojiadian Middle School.
When we came back, I would ask my mom to let me ride and she will hold the back of the bicycle.
I remember my friend ZhangXu.
When we were both very young, we spent a very interesting weekend together when we were about 14 years old.
He told me that there was a watermelon farm nearby and we can steal one or two watermelon for dessert.
At last, we were caught and sent to home by the farmers.
I joined ISI in January 2009.
At that time, I was excited to learn new area in AI and machine learning.
Aram and Kary was very kind to me and it was so easy to settle down here.
My brother in law was visiting LA for the first time in 2010, and I decided to bring him to cart racing. 
Me and my wife along with my brother in law had exciting moment riding carts competing each other.
I had my first internship interview with Facebook in September 2012.
Having no experience with coding interview, I was very struggling with the problem
The interviewer was very friendly sharing his experience at Facebook.
My father taught me to swim in the stadium just after I had graduated from primary school.
It took me a week to practice. 
My birthday present was a set of friction books, China's four famous.
My parents gave them to me when I was ten and let me know how charming Chinese literature is.
I started to learn Chinese calligraphy at the age of 5 and kept practicing until I graduated from primary school.
I went to mount rainier(Seattle) in summer this year while I was doing my internship.
It was a hiking trip with three of my friends Natang, Mrunal and Jake.
we hiked for around 6 miles, did some skiing and came back.
I went for water rafting in sauk river (Seattle) with two of my frieds Mrunal and natang.
I went to Vegas in April 2014 with two of my friends Somal and Vidit.
I visited San Francisco with my sister in December 2013.
I met 3 of her friends in San Jose, named, Ami, Pooja and Parita.
It was fun to hang out with them at Sausalito which is located beyond Golden Gate.
We had pizza and wine.
It was a great evening to celebrate new year's eve!
I started off with a subject name Computer Networks under a professor Ali Zahid.
He is an excellent faculty member at Viterbi School of Engineering.
My experience at the Universal Studios in December 2013 was amazing
I went there with my best friend, Siddharth Mehta.
We met minions, my favorite animated character.
We had delicious penne pasta at a restaurant named Little Italy.
Simpsons was my favorite ride.
My family and I visited my sister Divya in Canada in 2013.
We visited places in Toronto, British Columbia and Vancouver.
Vancouver Island was very beautiful.
We also went to a ship ride in the Pacific ocean.
During my internship at TCS, I went to an adventure park in Kerala.
It had some of the best water rides I have ever been to.
I started working with Tata Consultancy services in 2012.
I learned a lot of new technologies and also made a lot of new friends.
During my undergraduate study at BITS Pilani, I was working with publications and relationships unit.
I was mainly responsible to invite colleges for our cultural festival.
These colleges were located in and around Delhi area.
My road trips to Jaipur in India from Kota were always full of fun.
My favorite game was super mario during those days.
This happened in 2006.
I won female championship in 2005 in athletics.
I was heading to the assembly when my teacher Miss. Malini called me aside and asked me for my full name.
During assembly my principal  Maithreyi Sathyadev told the names of all elected members.
It was in 2006.
15 of us went for the movie from my school.
We were in Sindhi High School in Bangalore, India.
We watched the movie RDB.
This happened in August 2011. 
Rashmi Krishnan, Shivalika Shylanath went with me.
We stayed at Rashmi's house.
We went to the beach the whole day.
We stayed 3 days.
We traveled by train to the place, and then used bus within the city.
The best part was the sunset at Fort Agwada.
This was in 2010.
I was in Delhi.
I went with my mom Babita and the instructor taught me.
It was Laxmi Driving School.
I learned how to drive a WagonR.
It was silver grey in color
After learning for a month, my dad Manoj took me in his car to learn more. 
It was 2013.
We went to Goa.
I went to VIT University in Vellore.
We stayed 5-6 days.
There were 8 of us. 
When my sister Anchal was 1 year old, I was playing with her.
I had huge metal bell toy and I dropped it on her nose.
I broke her nose.
I was 4.
We were in my parent's bedroom.
When my grandma vasudha,77 years old from my fathers Kaustubh side was in nanavati hospital in mumbai.
She was battling Alzheimer.
I was 18.
I went with my dad kaustubh to drive on the streets.
It was really difficult (it was manual car) to lift the clutch and  press the pedal at the same time.
I almost ran over a dog.
It was a maruti suzuki zen white color.
My parents kaustubh and sandhya were saying you need to get a good score to get a cell phone.
It was NOKIA N72.
I was in jamnabai narsee school in mumbai
