In November 2010, I took part in a mathematical contest for Chinese college student, hosted by Shing-Tung Yau.
November 2010
In November 2010, I took part in a mathematical contest for Chinese college student, hosted by Shing-Tung Yau.
Shing-Tung Yau
I earned a chance for interview section in August 2011
August 2011
The interview is in Beijing.
Beijing
I met a lot of famous mathematicians there , like Chi-Wang Shu , Shing-Tung Yau , jun Liu.
Chi-Wang Shu, Shing-Tung Yau, jun Liu.
I had a trip in Dalian, China in summer 2008.
summer 2008
My best friend Hang Li proposed to her girlfriend that time during the trip.
Hang Li
My best friend Hang Li proposed to her girlfriend that time during the trip.
My best friend
It was great fun and we celebrate it together and went to wonderland too.
Wonderland
In 2008 summer, I finished my high school with a good college-entrance examination scores.
2008 summer
i decided to go to shanghai jiaotong university first   since
Shanghai Jiaotong University
But finally , I went to University of Science and Technology of China , since my best friends Fei Wang and Hang Li ,
University of Science and Technology of China
But finally , I went to University of Science and Technology of China , since my best friends Fei Wang and Hang Li ,
Fei Wang and Hang Li
I visited Shanghai Expo with my friends Xiaonan Xu and Wei Chen in 2010
2010
I visited Shanghai Expo with my friends Xiaonan Xu and Wei Chen in 2010
my friends Xiaonan Xu and Wei Chen
We entered the China Pavilion. We lined up for a long time till.
China Pavilion
It is a splendid architecture designed by Jingtang He, a professor of my college, SCUT.
Jingtang He, a professor of my college, SCUT.
I learned to ride a bike as a kid, sometime back in 1997
1997
We lived in Jieyang City in Guangdong.  I was riding on Beima Road.
Jieyang City in Guangdong
I was riding on Beima Road.
Beima Road
I think I had a blue bike.
blue
My dad would run after me holding my bike seat.  Then he would let go.
My dad
I and my mother visited Yunnan in 2012.
I and my mother
I and my mother visited Yunnan in 2012.
2012
We visited Kunming, Dali and the famous Lijiang City.
Kunming, Dali and the famous Lijiang City
We also had a good time in the Stone forest.
the Stone forest
In my senior year of college, one time I was near campus with my girlfriend Qiuyue withdrawing money from ATM machine.
In my senior year of college
In my senior year of college, one time I was near campus with my girlfriend Qiuyue withdrawing money from ATM machine.
Qiuyue
We were discussing what we would use as the password of a bank account.
a bank account
I was in the third year of my primary school.
third year
when    there was a time i was playing arcade game with my brother jiahua
Primary school
when    there was a time i was playing arcade game with my brother jiahua
Arcade game
when    there was a time i was playing arcade game with my brother jiahua
Jiahua
when    there was a time i was playing arcade game with my brother jiahua
my brother
I always chose to play the machine which required less coins.
the machine which required less coins
It was the new year's eve in 2012.
2012
I was doing exchange program in Taiwan in NCTU.
Taiwan
I was doing exchange program in Taiwan in NCTU.
NCTU
On that day, the caffee latte was half price.
the caffee latte
I bought two .
two
I kind of liked her.
sherry
We sat on the stairs in one of the teaching buildings and talked and drank coffee.
on the stairs in one of the teaching buildings
My best friend, Xing Wang, had her wedding in Lanzhou city, China on May 3rd, 2012.
Xing Wang
My best friend, Xing Wang, had her wedding in Lanzhou city, China on May 3rd, 2012.
Lanzhou city, China
My best friend, Xing Wang, had her wedding in Lanzhou city, China on May 3rd, 2012.
May 2012
Xing and her husband, Yuanqi Ma, were both very happy that day.
Yuanqi Ma
My other friends and I all took train to participate the big wedding.
train
I completed my bachelor degree and graduated in June, 2011.
June, 2011
Then we had a graduation trip to Qingdao, China.
Qingdao, China
We spent three days there, playing on the beach, visiting some beautiful buildings, eating seafood and drinking Qingdao beer.
three days
We spent three days there, playing on the beach, visiting some beautiful buildings, eating seafood and drinking Qingdao beer.
Qingdao beer
We spent three days there, playing on the beach, visiting some beautiful buildings, eating seafood and drinking Qingdao beer.
playing on the beach, visiting some beautiful buildings, eating seafood and drinking Qingdao beer.
We took train there.
train
I had an amazing adventure in Disney Land theme park in Hong Kong in Aug 2011 with my friend Haoyu Yang.
Aug 2011
I had an amazing adventure in Disney Land theme park in Hong Kong in Aug 2011 with my friend Haoyu Yang.
Disney Land theme park in Hong Kong
I had an amazing adventure in Disney Land theme park in Hong Kong in Aug 2011 with my friend Haoyu Yang.
Haoyu Yang
We took a flight from Beijing to Hong Kong together. We got up early and took subway to get there.
flight and subway
We watched beautiful fireworks at midnight.
Fireworks
Last year , we had a holloween party at my apartment near USC with our friends.
Last year
Last year , we had a holloween party at my apartment near USC with our friends.
my apartment near USC
Last year, we had a holloween party at my apartment near USC with our friends, most are from the badminton club.
the badminton club
We did pumpkin carving, and costume contest.
pumpkin carving, and costume contest.
I came to USC in 2010 Fall.
2010 Fall
In the first Christmas at US, I went to Las Vegas with my roommates Ouning Zhang, Shan Luo, Jiacheng Jiang.
December 2010
In the first Christmas at US, I went to Las Vegas with my roommates Ouning Zhang, Shan Luo, Jiacheng Jiang.
Ouning Zhang, Shan Luo, Jiacheng Jiang
It is the first time I went to the night club.
the night club
I got drunk.
got drunk
We had a trip to utah and arizona last thanks giving with Hao Shi, Lin Quan, etc.
arizona and utah
We had a trip to utah and arizona last thanks giving with Hao Shi, Lin Quan, etc.
Hao Shi, Lin Quan, etc.
I went to CS PhD retreat on Manhattan Beach of Los Angeles PhD student .
Manhattan Beach of Los Angeles
student are also first year.
first year
We went to beaches
beaches
We played freebie.
freebie
We really enjoyed the Jacuzzi in hotel.
Jacuzzi
I went to surfing with my friends at Seal Beach, LA.
Seal Beach, LA.
It was my first time surfing so at beginning it was really hard for me to keep balance on the board.
keep balance on the board
After that, I and My friend went to little Tokyo for some Japanese hotpot.
little Tokyo
After that, I and My friend went to little Tokyo for some Japanese hotpot.
Japanese hotpot
The CS PhD Committee brought tent , BBQ stuff to the Beach.
the CS PhD Committee
We played beach volleyball.
Beach volleyball
I went to the YG Family Concert in 2013 winter with one of my classmates.
2013 winter
We arrived there early in the morning.
early in the morning
We were so tired for lining for a whole day.
A whole day
I went to Mountain Huang with my friends in 2012.
2012
We took a bus to get there.
bus
We went to the peak of Mountain Huang with a cable car.
a cable car
The next morning, we woke up early to watch sunrise at the GuangMing peak.
sunrise
The next morning, we woke up early to watch sunrise at the GuangMing peak.
GuangMing peak
Last spring break, I went to Las Vegas with my roomies.
Last spring break
Last spring break, I went to Las Vegas with my roomies.
my roomies
We took GreyHound there.
GreyHound
And we went to eat buffet.
buffet
The next day, I went to the Grand Canyon with new friends.
the Grand Canyon
We watched the sunset.
the sunset
I graduated on June 25 , 2011.
June 25, 2011
after    i found my first job in the Guangdong women and children 's hospital in china
Guangdong Women and Children's Hospital in China
i was hired to work in NICU where
NICU
I got the chances to take care of the sickest babies.
the sickest babies
I met Yang Shen there who.
Yang Shen
I went to University of Southern California for further study since 2012.
2012
I visited her during the summer 2011.
summer 2011
We travel to 3 cities around Hangzhou which include Suzhou, Nanjing and Shanghai.
Suzhou, Nanjing and Shanghai
My favorite city is Nanjing.
Nanjing
we visited that city for 3 days.
3 days
I met my best friend May more than 10 years ago in Guangzhou No.2 Middle School.
May
I met my best friend May more than 10 years ago in Guangzhou No.2 Middle School.
10 years ago
I met my best friend May more than 10 years ago in Guangzhou No.2 Middle School.
Guangzhou No.2 Middle School
Her birthday is on May 18th so that's why her English name is May.
May 18th
She came to US for her master degree in 2011 in the University of Georgia.
2011
She came to US for her master degree in 2011 in the University of Georgia.
the University of Georgia
The last time I visited her during the Christmas, we went to the Universal Studio in Florida
Universal Studio in Florida
Our friend Cheng Li used to study in the University of Florida for one year.
Cheng Li
Our friend Cheng Li used to study in the University of Florida for one year.
the University of Florida
Our friend Cheng Li used to study in the University of Florida for one year.
for one year
I had a dog named Happy.
a dog
My father , brother , and I went to Busan.
Busan
My father , brother , and I went to Busan.
My father, brother, and I
father chose a one tiny white puppy
white
She ran away after she lived with us for long time.
she ran away
My aunt knew someone who.
My aunt
My first job was a cashier at Texaco gas station in Lynnwood.
a cashier
My first job was a cashier at Texaco gas station in Lynnwood.
Texaco gas station in Lynnwood
It was spring of 1997.
spring of 1997
I had a first ever job interview with my manager Mr. Ali.
Mr. Ali
My work hour was Fri to Sun from 5am to 9am.
Fri to Sun
My work hour was Fri to Sun from 5am to 9am.
5am to 9am
My favorite boy bands Big Bang from South Korea came to do concert in Angel's Stadium in Sept 2010.
September 2010
My favorite boy bands Big Bang from South Korea came to do concert in Angel's Stadium in Sept 2010.
Angel's Stadium
I went with my best friend Sophia Chang.
Sophia Chang
We received Big Bang phone cover at the entrance.
Big Bang phone cover
I went to Korea on December of 2011 with my family.
December of 2011
I went to Korea on December of 2011 with my family.
My family
We went and stayed at my parents' house .
my parents' house
We went and had a great time for about a month.
for about a month
We went to Pororo Land with my parents and my child.
Pororo Land
We went to Pororo Land with my parents and my child.
my parents and my child
I went to Yellowstone National park with my parents and my sister during summer of 1997.
Summer of 1997
I went to Yellowstone National park with my parents and my sister during summer of 1997.
my parents and my sister
We rented out a cabin .
a cabin
I moved to Chicago from seoul, Korea in September of 1993 with my family.
Seoul
I moved to Chicago from seoul, Korea in September of 1993 with my family.
September of 1993
I moved to Chicago from seoul, Korea in September of 1993 with my family.
Chicago
I remember how everything just seemed so much bigger on my first day in America-airport, roads, cars, people, etc..
so much bigger
On my second day in America, I went to Sears Tower with my dad, and I remember two gays that were inside the elevator with me and my dad kissed each other the whole time the elevator was going up to the top of the tallest building in the world at the time!
Sears Tower
On my second day in America, I went to Sears Tower with my dad, and I remember two gays that were inside the elevator with me and my dad kissed each other the whole time the elevator was going up to the top of the tallest building in the world at the time!
my dad
On my second day in America, I went to Sears Tower with my dad, and I remember two gays that were inside the elevator with me and my dad kissed each other the whole time the elevator was going up to the top of the tallest building in the world at the time!
I remember two gays that were inside the elevator with me and my dad kissed each other
My girlfriend visit me this summer at Seattle and we went to lots of places like Olympic national park, a small town where twilight takes a scene and serveral other places near Seattle.
My girlfriend
My girlfriend visit me this summer at Seattle and we went to lots of places like Olympic national park, a small town where twilight takes a scene and serveral other places near Seattle.
Olympic National Park
We went to shishi beach.
shishi beach
I have seen the movie 22 hours in my undergraduate.
22 hours
I 'm astonished by the strength of the main character Aaron.
the strength of the main character Aaron
Thus, I named my english name Aaron.
my english name
I went to Korea at middle school .
middle school
I got a friend there
a friend
I miss that 2 weeks stay at Korea.
2 weeks
He replied to me the next day and we're both surprised that the time went so fast.
next day
Recently, I found out his email address in my  hotmail inbox that I havn't used for years and sent a greeting to him.
my  hotmail inbox
When    I lived in the center street of Maojiadian Town
Maojiadian Town
mom took me to the Maojiadian Middle School
Maojiadian Middle School
we arrived at MangNiu. But when we encountered a big steep slope.
MangNiu
The vehicle just turned upside down.
turned upside down
we all fall off.
fall off
I was very young , at about age 10.
10
When    my mom used to ride a YongJiu bicycle to take me to the Maojiadian Middle School
YongJiu bicycle
When    my mom used to ride a YongJiu bicycle to take me to the Maojiadian Middle School
the Maojiadian Middle School
When we came back, I would ask my mom to let me ride and she will hold the back of the bicycle.
to let me ride
When we came back, I would ask my mom to let me ride and she will hold the back of the bicycle.
hold the back of the bicycle
I remember my friend ZhangXu.
my friend ZhangXu
we were about 14 years old.
14 years old
we can steal one or two watermelon for dessert.
dessert
At last, we were caught and sent to home by the farmers.
caught and sent to home by the farmers
I joined ISI in January 2009.
January 2009
At that time, I was excited to learn new area in AI and machine learning.
AI and machine learning
Aram and Kary was very kind to me.
Aram and Kary
My brother in law was visiting LA for the first time in 2010.
My brother in law
My brother in law was visiting LA for the first time in 2010.
2010
I decided to bring him to cart racing.
cart racing
Me and my wife along with my brother in law had exciting moment riding carts competing each other.
Me and my wife along with my brother in law
I had my first internship interview with Facebook in September 2012.
September 2012
Having no experience with coding interview, I was very struggling with the problem
coding interview
The interviewer was very friendly sharing his experience at Facebook.
his experience at Facebook
My father taught me to swim in the stadium just after
My father
My father taught me to swim in the stadium just after
in the stadium
I had graduated from primary school.
just after I had graduated from primary school
It took me a week to practice.
a week
My birthday present was a set of friction books, China's four famous.
a set of friction books, China's four famous
My parents gave them to me when I was ten .
My parents
My parents gave them to me when I was ten .
ten
I started to learn Chinese calligraphy at the age of 5 .
5
I went to mount rainier ( Seattle ) in summer this year while
summer this year
I was doing my internship.
my internship
It was a hiking trip with three of my friends Natang, Mrunal and Jake.
hiking
It was a hiking trip with three of my friends Natang, Mrunal and Jake.
Natang, Mrunal and Jake
we hiked for around 6 miles , did some skiing .
6 miles
we hiked for around 6 miles , did some skiing .
some skiiing
I went for water rafting in sauk river (Seattle) with two of my frieds Mrunal and natang.
water rafting
I went for water rafting in sauk river (Seattle) with two of my frieds Mrunal and natang.
Mrunal and natang
I went to Vegas in April 2014 with 2 of my friends Somal and Vidit.
April 2014
I went to Vegas in April 2014 with two of my friends Somal and Vidit.
Somal and Vidit
I visited San Francisco with my sister in December 2013.
December 2013
I visited San Francisco with my sister in December 2013.
my sister
I met 3 of her friends in San Jose, named, Ami, Pooja and Parita.
San Jose
I met 3 of her friends in San Jose, named, Ami, Pooja and Parita.
Ami, Pooja and Parita
It was fun to hang out with them at Sausalito which   .
at Sausalito
We had pizza and wine.
pizza and wine
It was a great evening to celebrate new year's eve!
new year's eve
I started off with a subject name Computer Networks under a professor Ali Zahid.
Computer Networks
I started off with a subject name Computer Networks under a professor Ali Zahid.
Ali Zahid
He is an excellent faculty member at Viterbi School of Engineering.
Viterbi School of Engineering
My experience at the Universal Studios in December 2013 was amazing
December 2013
I went there with my best friend, Siddharth Mehta.
Siddharth Mehta
We met minions, my favorite animated character.
minions
We had delicious penne pasta at a restaurant named Little Italy.
delicious penne pasta
We had delicious penne pasta at a restaurant named Little Italy.
Little Italy
Simpsons was my favorite ride.
Simpsons
My family and I visited my sister Divya in Canada in 2013.
2013
My family and I visited my sister Divya in Canada in 2013.
My family
My family and I visited my sister Divya in Canada in 2013.
Divya
My family and I visited my sister Divya in Canada in 2013.
my sister
We visited places in Toronto, British Columbia and Vancouver.
Toronto, British Columbia and Vancouver
Vancouver Island was very beautiful.
Vancouver Island
We also went to a ship ride in the Pacific ocean.
a ship ride in the Pacific ocean
During my internship at TCS, I went to an adventure park in Kerala.
TCS
During my internship at TCS, I went to an adventure park in Kerala.
an adventure park in Kerala
It had some of the best water rides I have ever been to.
some of the best water rides
I started working with Tata Consultancy services in 2012.
2012
I started working with Tata Consultancy services in 2012.
Tata Consultancy services
I learned a lot of new technologies .
a lot of new technologies
I also made a lot of new friends
a lot of new friends
During my undergraduate study at BITS Pilani, I was working with publications and relationships unit.
BITS Pilani
During my undergraduate study at BITS Pilani, I was working with publications and relationships unit.
publications and relationships unit
I was mainly responsible to invite colleges for our cultural festival.
to invite colleges for our cultural festival
These colleges were located in and around Delhi area.
Delhi area
My road trips to Jaipur in India from Kota were always full of fun.
Jaipur in India
My road trips to Jaipur in India from Kota were always full of fun.
Kota
My favorite game was super mario during those days.
super mario
This happened in 2006.
in 2006
I won female championship in 2005 in athletics.
female championship
I won female championship in 2005 in athletics.
2005
Malini called me aside .
my teacher Miss. Malini
I was heading to the assembly when
the assembly
During assembly my principal  Maithreyi Sathyadev told the names of all elected members.
my principal  Maithreyi Sathyadev
It was in 2006.
2006
15 of us went for the movie from my school.
15
We were in Sindhi High School in Bangalore, India.
Sindhi High School
We were in Sindhi High School in Bangalore, India.
Bangalore, India
We watched the movie RDB.
the movie RDB
This happened in August 2011.
August 2011
Rashmi Krishnan, Shivalika Shylanath went with me.
Rashmi Krishnan, Shivalika Shylanath
We stayed at Rashmi's house.
Rashmi's house
We went to the beach the whole day.
the beach
We stayed 3 days.
3 days
We traveled by train to the place.
train
We then used bus within the city
bus
The best part was the sunset at Fort Agwada.
the sunset at Fort Agwada
This was in 2010.
2010
I was in Delhi.
Delhi
I went with my mom Babita.
Babita
the instructor taught me.
the instructor
It was Laxmi Driving School.
Laxmi Driving School
I learned how to drive a WagonR.
WagonR
It was silver grey in color
silver grey
After learning for a month, my dad Manoj took me in his car to learn more.
Manoj
After learning for a month, my dad Manoj took me in his car to learn more.
for a month
It was 2013.
2013
We went to Goa.
Goa
I went to VIT University in Vellore.
VIT University
I went to VIT University in Vellore.
Vellore
We stayed 5-6 days.
5-6 days
There were 8 of us.
8
my sister Anchal was 1 year old.
1 year old
my sister Anchal was 1 year old.
Anchal
I had huge metal bell toy.
huge metal bell toy
I dropped it on her nose.
on her nose
I broke her nose.
her nose
I was 4.
4
We were in my parent's bedroom.
my parent's bedroom
my grandma vasudha ,77 years old from my fathers.
vasudha
When my grandma vasudha,77 years old from my fathers Kaustubh side was in nanavati hospital in mumbai.
77 years old
When my grandma vasudha,77 years old from my fathers Kaustubh side was in nanavati hospital in mumbai.
nanavati hospital
When my grandma vasudha,77 years old from my fathers Kaustubh side was in nanavati hospital in mumbai.
mumbai
When my grandma vasudha,77 years old from my fathers Kaustubh side was in nanavati hospital in mumbai.
Kaustubh
She was battling Alzheimer.
Alzheimer
I was 18.
18
I went with my dad kaustubh to drive on the streets.
my dad kaustubh
It was really difficult (it was manual car) to lift the clutch and  press the pedal at the same time.
to lift the clutch and  press the pedal at the same time.
I almost ran over a dog.
a dog
It was a maruti suzuki zen white color.
white
It was a maruti suzuki zen white color.
maruti suzuki zen
you need to get a good score to get a cell phone.
to get a good score to get a cell phone
My parents kaustubh and sandhya were saying
kaustubh and sandhya
It was NOKIA N72.
NOKIA N72
I was in jamnabai narsee school in mumbai
jamnabai narsee school
I was in jamnabai narsee school in mumbai
mumbai
