I was looking forward to the scenic drive to San Jose in the 1st week of August with my dad who had come to LA a couple of days back.
What month was this in?
August

I was looking forward to the scenic drive to San Jose in the 1st week of August with my dad who had come to LA a couple of days back.
Who had come to LA?
my dad

Visiting San Jose was a trip down memory lane since I had lived in Los Altos for almost 3 years between 2000 and 2003.
Where have you lived for almost 3 years ?
Los Altos

Even though I was only in the 5th grade at that time, the locality of my past home was pretty much cemented in my head, Eg: the local library, nearby Rite-aid, etc. 
What grade were you in at that time ?
5th grade

As a kid, what I used to remember as long drive to my friends place now is just a 5 minute drive.
How many minutes drive to your friends place ? 
5
 
Starting my graduate studies in Fall 2013, semester by semester, I have noticed a change for the worst in the administration of graduate classes at USC Viterbi.
What season and year did you start your grad studies?
Fall 2013

Ryan had just leased a BMW 3 series and was eager to take it on a long drive.
Who had just leased a BMW3 series ?
Ryan

Ryan had just leased a BMW 3 series and was eager to take it on a long drive.
What had Ryan just leased ?
a BMW 3 series

But the dinner buffet we had at the Stratosphere was horrible.
Where did you have a dinner buffet at ?
the Stratosphere

Due to lack of time, we headed back to San Diego and I caught a bus to LA Monday morning.
Where did you head back to, Due to lack of time ?
San Diego

Mohit lost his grandfather in September 2007.
Who lost his grandfather ? 
Mohit

Mohit lost his grandfather in September 2007.
What month and year did this happen? 
September 2007

Mohit lost his grandfather in September 2007.
Who did Mohit lose? 
His grandfather

Early morning everyone was sleeping and suddenly got news of his passing away.
What time of day did everyon get the news ?
Early morning

He was totally fit but he was feeling hot and asked to switch on a FAN, later he said he has no effect of FAN being turned on.
What did he ask to swith on ?
a FAN

Suddenly he fell and he was gone. 
How did he die? 
he fell

First best friend was named Tarun and had been childhood friend of Mohit.
What is the name of Mohit's first best friend?
Tarun

He is pursuing Chemical Engineering in Bangalore in India.
What is he pursuing ?
Chemical Engineering

He is pursuing Chemical Engineering in Bangalore in India.
What city is he pursuing ?
Bangalore

Mohit's Sister was born in Faridabad in March.
Who was born ?
Mohit's Sister

Mohit's Sister was born in Faridabad in March.
What month was Mohit's Sister born in ?
March

Mohit's Sister was born in Faridabad in March.
What city was Mohit's Sister born ?
Faridabad

Sister was named by her elder cousin brothers.
Who named her? 
her elder cousin brothers

Her first birthday was in RAJHANS.
Where was her first birthday?  
RAJHANS

In my college I used to play football, but I got injured and couldn't play anymore. 
What did you used to play? 
football
 
So in my 4th semester around January 2012, I started learning the rules of basketball and started playing.
What month and year did you start learning ?
January 2012

I got so good at it that I was included in my college basketball team next semester in August 2012. 
What month and year were you included in your college basketball team ? 
August 2012

When I was in high school, I wanted to get into Lahore University of Management Sciences(LUMS).
What university did you want to get into ?
Lahore University of Management Sciences(LUMS)

The test happened 4 months before every other university test and I got my admission in Feb 2010 for the fall semester in 2010.
How often (months) did the test happen before every other university test ? 
4

Everyone else who didnt get in, had to apply to other universities where test took place in June.
What month did other universities test take place ?   
June

When I was about to graduate in 2010, I got the title "Manchester United na hota tou kya hota" which means "If there was no Manchester United, what would have happened".
What year was this? 
2010

When I was about to graduate in 2010, I got the title "Manchester United na hota tou kya hota" which means "If there was no Manchester United, what would have happened".
What title did you get?
"Manchester United na hota tou kya hota"

When I was about to graduate in 2010, I got the title "Manchester United na hota tou kya hota" which means "If there was no Manchester United, what would have happened".
What did the title mean ?
"If there was no Manchester United, what would have happened"

In August 2011, I took a trip to Japan to attend a wedding.
What month and year this was?  
August 2011       

My friend Hiroko was getting married to an Iraqi diplomat, Hewa Jaff.
What is the name of your friend was getting married ?
Hiroko

My friend Hiroko was getting married to an Iraqi diplomat, Hewa Jaff.
Who did your friend was getting married to ?
Iraqi diplomat, Hewa Jaff

The wedding took place in Hiroko's hometown Fukuoka.
What city did the wedding take place in? 
Fukuoka

The wedding took place in Hiroko's hometown Fukuoka.
Whose hometown was it? 
Hiroko's 

The entire ceremony as well as the reception party was hosted by a 100-year old restaurant named Sankoen. 
What was the name of the restaurant? 
Sankoen

Each guest was served a full course dinner consisting of 10 traditional Japanese courses and three glasses of beer.
How many courses were there in the dinner? 
10

Each guest was served a full course dinner consisting of 10 traditional Japanese courses and three glasses of beer.
How glasses of beer drinks did each guest get?
3

Each guest was served a full course dinner consisting of 10 traditional Japanese courses and three glasses of beer.
What drinks did each guest get ?
three glasses of beer

My family immigrated to the United States in 1993 when I was 13 years old.
What year did your family move to US?
1993

My family immigrated to the United States in 1993 when I was 13 years old.
How old were you ?
13 years old

Since then my family had lived together in a town called Mukilteo in Washington. 
What town did your family live together in?
Mukilteo

In November 2007, I had to make a difficult decision to move back to Seoul alone to make living.
What month and year did you have to make a difficult decide to move back ?
November 2007

In November 2007, I had to make a difficult decision to move back to Seoul alone to make living.
What city did you move back ?
Seoul

My sister Christine was my biggest support making the big transition of my life easier for me and my parents.
What was the name of your biggest supporter? 
Christine

I still remember our talk over a cup of latte at the Starbucks cafe minutes we parted at the SeaTac Airport.
Where do you still remember your talk over at ?
Starbucks cafe

I still remember our talk over a cup of latte at the Starbucks cafe minutes we parted at the SeaTac Airport.
What did you have ?
a cup of latte

I still remember our talk over a cup of latte at the Starbucks cafe minutes we parted at the SeaTac Airport.
What airport did you parted from ?
SeaTac Airport 
 
I had just arrived at the Frankfurt Airport from Tripoli.
What airport had you arrived to?
Frankfurt Airport

I had just arrived at the Frankfurt Airport from Tripoli.
What city had you arrived from ?
Tripoli

It was February of 2011.
What month and year was this?
February of 2011

While I was roaming around the airport looking for a good place to eat, I received a call from Ellie Oh, a college from my office in Seoul.
What is the name of the person who called you? 
Ellie Oh

I was to cancel my flight home to Seoul and instead I had fly to Oulu the next morning for a meeting.
Where did you have fly to instead ?
Oulu

My second cat became a part of my family in a rather unusual manner
What did become a part of my family in a rather unusual manner ?
My second cat

She was abandoned by her former owner, who was also my neighbor.
Who did abandon her ?
former owner  

My neighbor kept to herself, so I never learned her name, but I believe she was a lawyer.
What was your neighbor's occupation?
a lawyer

A delivery person claiming to have a gift appeared outside her door one day, and she yelled, "Help! Someone call 911!" as she fled out her back door. 
Who came to her door one day?  
A delivery person

A delivery person claiming to have a gift appeared outside her door one day, and she yelled, "Help! Someone call 911!" as she fled out her back door. 
What did that person claim to have? 
a gift

A delivery person claiming to have a gift appeared outside her door one day, and she yelled, "Help! Someone call 911!" as she fled out her back door.
What did your neighbor yell?  
"Help! Someone call 911!"

Emergency services arrived later thanks to concerned neighbors heeding her cries.
What arrived later?
Emergency services

Nothing eventful happened for the rest of that day, but days later, she moved out of her apartment leaving behind her fluffy, white, precious, Persian cat. 
What did your neighbor do days later?
she moved out of her apartment

When I was little, I would come home from elementary school just in time to have missed my favorite TV show, "Legend of the Hidden Temple."
What is the name of your favorite TV show ?  
"Legend of the Hidden Temple."  

The show used to come on when most kids had finished school for the day, but one year, Nickelodeon decided to move the show to an earlier time. 
Who decided to move the show to an earlier time ?
Nickelodeon

I elected to write a letter to Nickelodeon one day, expressing this point of view.
Who did you write the letter to? 
Nickelodeon

I wasn't sure where exactly to send the letter, so I simply addressed it to the same Nickelodeon address where kids would write to participate in game shows.
Where did you simplly address it to ?
the same Nickelodeon address where kids would write to participate in game shows

Years ago for one of Bonny's birthdays, I decided to show her how much I enjoyed being a computer nerd by rebuilding her computer in a custom chassis. 
What did you do for Bonny's birthday?  
rebuilding her computer in a custom chassi

I purchased a cool looking chassis with green internal lights and started brainstorming way to customize it for her. 
What color was the lights?
green

I purchased a cool looking chassis with green internal lights and started brainstorming way to customize it for her. 
What did you purchase ? 
a cool looking chassis with green internal lights

I decided to tape over the decorative accents on the outside of the case and spray paint the rest of the case pink, her favorite color.
What was her favorite color ?
pink

