In November 2010, I took part in a mathematical contest for Chinese college student, hosted by Shing-Tung Yau. 
what month and year did you take part in ? 
November 2010

In November 2010, I took part in a mathematical contest for Chinese college student, hosted by Shing-Tung Yau.
who hosted the competition ? 
Shing-Tung Yau

I did a great job in the writing part, and earned a chance for interview section in August 2011. 
What month and year was the interview ? 
August 2011

The interview is in Beijing, and I met a lot of famous mathematicians there, like Chi-Wang Shu, Shing-Tung Yau, jun Liu.
Which city was the interview in ? 
Beijing

The interview is in Beijing, and I met a lot of famous mathematicians there, like Chi-Wang Shu, Shing-Tung Yau, jun Liu.
Which three people did you meet ? 
Chi-Wang Shu, Shing-Tung Yau, jun Liu.

I had a trip in Dalian, China in summer 2008. 
what season and year did you have a trip ? 
summer 2008

My best friend Hang Li proposed to her girlfriend that time during the trip.
What is the name of the person that proposed to his girlfriend on this trip ? 
Hang Li 
 
My best friend Hang Li proposed to her girlfriend that time during the trip.
What is the relationship of the person who proposed to you ? 
My best friend

It was great fun and we celebrate it together and went to wonderland too.
Where did you go too ? 
Wonderland
  
In 2008 summer, I finished my high school with a good college-entrance examination scores.
What season and year did you finish your high school ? 
2008 summer

I decided to go to Shanghai Jiaotong University first, since they have very good engineering majors.
Which university did you choose first ? 
Shanghai Jiaotong University

But finally, I went to University of Science and Technology of China, since my best friends Fei Wang and Hang Li, both went there.
Which university did you go finally ?   
University of Science and Technology of China

But finally, I went to University of Science and Technology of China, since my best friends Fei Wang and Hang Li, both went there.
What are the names of two people that also went there ?   
Fei Wang and Hang Li
 
I visited Shanghai Expo with my friends Xiaonan Xu and Wei Chen in 2010
What year did you visit Shanghai Expo ? 
2010

I visited Shanghai Expo with my friends Xiaonan Xu and Wei Chen in 2010
What are the names of two people  you visit with?
my friends Xiaonan Xu and Wei Chen

We lined up for a long time till we entered the China Pavilion.
Where did you enter till a long time ?
China Pavilion

It is a splendid architecture designed by Jingtang He, a professor of my college, SCUT.
Who designed a splendid architecture ?   
Jingtang He, a professor of my college, SCUT.

I learned to ride a bike as a kid, sometime back in 1997  
What year did you learn to ride a bike ?
1997 

We lived in Jieyang City in Guangdong, and I was riding on Beima Road.
What city did you live in ?
Jieyang City in Guangdong

We lived in Jieyang City in Guangdong, and I was riding on Beima Road.
What road were you riding ?
Beima Road
 
I think I had a blue bike.
What color bike did you have ? 
blue

My dad would run after me holding my bike seat, and then he would let go.
Who would run after you holding your bike seat ?
My dad

I and my mother visited Yunnan in 2012.
Who visited ? 
I and my mother
 
I and my mother visited Yunnan in 2012. 
What year did you visit ?
2012

We visited Kunming, Dali and the famous Lijiang City.
Which three cities did you visit ? 
Kunming, Dali and the famous Lijiang City

We also had a good time in the Stone forest.
Where did you have a good time ?
the Stone forest
 
In my senior year of college, one time I was near campus with my girlfriend Qiuyue withdrawing money from ATM machine.
What year did this happen? 
In my senior year of college 

In my senior year of college, one time I was near campus with my girlfriend Qiuyue withdrawing money from ATM machine.
What is the name of the person was with you?
Qiuyue

We were discussing what we would use as the password of a bank account.
What were you discussing what we would use as the password of ?
a bank account

When I was in the third year of my primary school, there was a time I was playing Arcade game with my brother Jiahua. 
What year were you in school? 
third year

When I was in the third year of my primary school, there was a time I was playing Arcade game with my brother Jiahua. 
Which school were you in? 
Primary school    

When I was in the third year of my primary school, there was a time I was playing Arcade game with my brother Jiahua. 
What were you playing?
Arcade game

When I was in the third year of my primary school, there was a time I was playing Arcade game with my brother Jiahua.
Who were you playing with ?
Jiahua

When I was in the third year of my primary school, there was a time I was playing Arcade game with my brother Jiahua.
What is the relationship of that person to you? 
my brother

I wanted to let my brother play more, so I always chose to play the machine which required less coins.
What did you always choose to play?
the machine which required less coins

It was the new year's eve in 2012.
What year was it?  
2012 

I was doing exchange program in Taiwan in NCTU.
Which country were you doing exchange program ?
Taiwan

I was doing exchange program in Taiwan in NCTU.
What university were you doing exchange program ?
NCTU

On that day, the caffee latte was half price.
What was half price,  on that day? 
the caffee latte

I bought two and told sherry that I kind of liked her.
How many did you buy ?
two

I bought two and told sherry that I kind of liked her.
Who did you tell that you kind of liked her ?
sherry

We sat on the stairs in one of the teaching buildings and talked and drank coffee.
Where did you sit ? 
on the stairs in one of the teaching buildings
 
My best friend, Xing Wang, had her wedding in Lanzhou city, China on May 3rd, 2012.
Who had a wedding ?  
Xing Wang

My best friend, Xing Wang, had her wedding in Lanzhou city, China on May 3rd, 2012.
Where was the location ? 
Lanzhou city, China

My best friend, Xing Wang, had her wedding in Lanzhou city, China on May 3rd, 2012.
What month and year was this event ? 
May 2012

Xing and her husband, Yuanqi Ma, were both very happy that day.
What was the name of her husband ? 
Yuanqi Ma

My other friends and I all took train to participate the big wedding.
What transportation did you all take to participate the big wedding ? 
train

I completed my bachelor degree and graduated in June, 2011.
What month and year did you complete your bachelor degree and graduated?
June, 2011

Then we had a graduation trip to Qingdao, China.
Where did you have a graduation trip to ?
Qingdao, China 

We spent three days there, playing on the beach, visiting some beautiful buildings, eating seafood and drinking Qingdao beer.
How many days did you spend ? 
three days

We spent three days there, playing on the beach, visiting some beautiful buildings, eating seafood and drinking Qingdao beer.
What did you drinking ?
Qingdao beer

We spent three days there, playing on the beach, visiting some beautiful buildings, eating seafood and drinking Qingdao beer.
What activities did you do ? 
playing on the beach, visiting some beautiful buildings, eating seafood and drinking Qingdao beer.

All of my classmates and I participated and we took train there.
What transportation did you take there ?
train

I had an amazing adventure in Disney Land theme park in Hong Kong in Aug 2011 with my friend Haoyu Yang.
What month and year did you have an amazing adventure ?
Aug 2011
 
I had an amazing adventure in Disney Land theme park in Hong Kong in Aug 2011 with my friend Haoyu Yang.
Where was it ?
Disney Land theme park in Hong Kong

I had an amazing adventure in Disney Land theme park in Hong Kong in Aug 2011 with my friend Haoyu Yang.
Who was your friend with you ?
Haoyu Yang 

We took a flight from Beijing to Hong Kong together. We got up early and took subway to get there.
What two transportations did you use ?
flight and subway

We had a wonderful dinner in the park and watched beautiful fireworks at midnight.
What did you watch at midnight ? 
Fireworks

Last year, we had a holloween party at my apartment near USC with our friends, most are from the badminton club.
What year was the party ? 
Last year

Last year, we had a holloween party at my apartment near USC with our friends, most are from the badminton club.
Where was the party at ?
my apartment near USC
 
Last year, we had a holloween party at my apartment near USC with our friends, most are from the badminton club.
Where are your friends most from ?
the badminton club
  
We did pumpkin carving, and costume contest.
What did you do ?
pumpkin carving, and costume contest.

I came to USC in 2010 Fall. 
What year and season did you come to USC ?  
2010 Fall

In the first Christmas at US, I went to Las Vegas with my roommates Ouning Zhang, Shan Luo, Jiacheng Jiang. 
What month and year did you go to Vegas ? 
December 2010

In the first Christmas at US, I went to Las Vegas with my roommates Ouning Zhang, Shan Luo, Jiacheng Jiang. 
What are the names of three people that went with you ? 
Ouning Zhang, Shan Luo, Jiacheng Jiang
 
It is the first time I went to the night club and I got drunk.
Where did you go to the first time ? 
the night club

It is the first time I went to the night club and I got drunk.
What did you do for the first time  ?
got drunk

We had a trip to utah and arizona last thanks giving with Hao Shi, Lin Quan, etc. 
What states did you have a trip to ?
arizona and utah

We had a trip to utah and arizona last thanks giving with Hao Shi, Lin Quan, etc. 
What two people were with you ? 
Hao Shi, Lin Quan, etc. 
 
I went to CS PhD retreat on Manhattan Beach of Los Angeles and made several friends who are also first year PhD student.
What city was the retreat in ? 
Manhattan Beach of Los Angeles

I went to CS PhD retreat on Manhattan Beach of Los Angeles and made several friends who are also first year PhD student.
What year are several friends you made ?
first year

We went to beaches and played freebie.
Where did you go to ?
beaches

We went to beaches and played freebie.
What did you play ?
freebie

We really enjoyed the Jacuzzi in hotel.
What did you really enjoy in hotel ?
Jacuzzi

I went to surfing with my friends at Seal Beach, LA. 
Which beach did you go to surfing ? 
Seal Beach, LA.

It was my first time surfing so at beginning it was really hard for me to keep balance on the board and later I got better and started to have some fun.
What was really hard for you to ?
keep balance on the board

After that, I and My friend went to little Tokyo for some Japanese hotpot. 
Where did you go after that ?
little Tokyo

After that, I and My friend went to little Tokyo for some Japanese hotpot.
What did you go for ?
Japanese hotpot

We went to Beach with all other CS PhD student and the CS PhD Committee brought tent, BBQ stuff to the Beach.
Who brought the tent, BBQ stuff ?
the CS PhD Committee

We had BBQ and played beach volleyball. 
What did you play ? 
Beach volleyball 

I went to the YG Family Concert in 2013 winter with one of my classmates.
What year and season was it ?
2013 winter 

We arrived there early in the morning.
When did you arrive there ?
early in the morning

We were so tired for lining for a whole day. 
How long did you lining for ?  
A whole day

I went to Mountain Huang with my friends in 2012.
What year did you go to ? 
2012

We took a bus to get there. 
What transportation did you use to get there? 
bus  

We went to the peak of Mountain Huang with a cable car.
What transportation did you use to get to the peak with ?
a cable car

The next morning, we woke up early to watch sunrise at the GuangMing peak.
What did you watch the next morning?  
sunrise

The next morning, we woke up early to watch sunrise at the GuangMing peak.
Where did you watch at?
GuangMing peak

Last spring break, I went to Las Vegas with my roomies.
When did you travel to Las Vegas? 
Last spring break

Last spring break, I went to Las Vegas with my roomies.
Who did you go to with ? 
my roomies

We took GreyHound there.
What did you take there ?
GreyHound

And we went to eat buffet.
And what did you go to eat ?
buffet

The next day, I went to the Grand Canyon with new friends.
Where did you go to the next day? 
the Grand Canyon 

We watched the sunset.
What did you watch ?
the sunset

After I graduated on June 25, 2011, I found my first job in the Guangdong Women and Children's Hospital in China.
What month, day, and year did you graduate ?
June 25, 2011

After I graduated on June 25, 2011, I found my first job in the Guangdong Women and Children's Hospital in China.
What is the name of the place that you found your first job ?
Guangdong Women and Children's Hospital in China 

I was hired to work in NICU where I got the chances to take care of the sickest babies.
Where were you hired to work on ?
NICU

I was hired to work in NICU where I got the chances to take care of the sickest babies.
Who did you take care of ?  
the sickest babies

I met Yang Shen there who turned out to be my best friend in the hospital.
Who did you meet there ? 
Yang Shen

After I went to University of Southern California for further study since 2012, I still kept in touch with her.
What year did you go to for further study ? 
2012

I visited her during the summer 2011.
What season and year did you visit her ?
summer 2011

We travel to 3 cities around Hangzhou which include Suzhou, Nanjing and Shanghai.
Which 3 cities did  you travel around Hangzhou?
Suzhou, Nanjing and Shanghai

My favorite city is Nanjing.
What was your favorite city?  
Nanjing

we visited that city for 3 days.
How many days did you visit in that city?
3 days

I met my best friend May more than 10 years ago in Guangzhou No.2 Middle School.
Who did you meet, best friend ? 
May 

I met my best friend May more than 10 years ago in Guangzhou No.2 Middle School.
How many years ago did you meet? 
10 years ago

I met my best friend May more than 10 years ago in Guangzhou No.2 Middle School.
Which school did you meet ?
Guangzhou No.2 Middle School
 
Her birthday is on May 18th so that's why her English name is May.
What month and date is her birth day ?
May 18th

She came to US for her master degree in 2011 in the University of Georgia.
What year did she come to US for her master degree ?
2011

She came to US for her master degree in 2011 in the University of Georgia.
What university did she come to US for her master degree ?
the University of Georgia

The last time I visited her during the Christmas, we went to the Universal Studio in Florida
Where did go to ?
Universal Studio in Florida

Our friend Cheng Li used to study in the University of Florida for one year.
What is the name of your friend who used to study ?
Cheng Li

Our friend Cheng Li used to study in the University of Florida for one year.
Which university was your friend used to study ?
the University of Florida

Our friend Cheng Li used to study in the University of Florida for one year.
How long did your friend used to study ?
for one year
 
I had a dog named Happy.
What kind of pet was this? 
a dog

My father, brother, and I went to Busan, and chose a one tiny white puppy.
Which city did you go to and choose ?
Busan

My father, brother, and I went to Busan, and chose a one tiny white puppy.
Who did you go to ?
My father, brother, and I

My father, brother, and I went to Busan, and chose a one tiny white puppy.
What color was the pet? 
white

We named her "Happy", but she ran away after she lived with us for long time.
What happened with the pet in the end?
she ran away

My aunt knew someone who had a lots of puppies in Busan, Shouth Korea.
Who told you where to get this pet?
My aunt
 
My first job was a cashier at Texaco gas station in Lynnwood.
What was your first job ?
a cashier

My first job was a cashier at Texaco gas station in Lynnwood.
Where was your first job ?
Texaco gas station in Lynnwood

It was spring of 1997. 
What season and year was it?
spring of 1997

When I had a first ever job interview with my manager Mr. Ali, I was really nervous.
What was the name of your manager you had a first ever job interview with ?
Mr. Ali

My work hour was Fri to Sun from 5am to 9am. 
What days in a week was your work hour ?
Fri to Sun

My work hour was Fri to Sun from 5am to 9am. 
What time from and to  was your work hour ? 
5am to 9am

My favorite boy bands Big Bang from South Korea came to do concert in Angel's Stadium in Sept 2010.
What month and year did your favorite boy bands come ?
September 2010

My favorite boy bands Big Bang from South Korea came to do concert in Angel's Stadium in Sept 2010.
What is the name of the place to do concert ? 
Angel's Stadium

I went with my best friend Sophia Chang.
What is the name of your best friend did you go with ?
Sophia Chang

We received Big Bang phone cover at the entrance.
What did you receive at the entrance?
Big Bang phone cover
 
I went to Korea on December of 2011 with my family.
What month and year did you go to Korea ? 
December of 2011

I went to Korea on December of 2011 with my family.
Who went with you?
My family

We went and stayed at my parents' house and had a great time for about a month.
Where did you stay? 
my parents' house

We went and stayed at my parents' house and had a great time for about a month.
How long did you stay? 
for about a month

We went to Pororo Land with my parents and my child, we had a blast.
Which atttraction did you go to ?
Pororo Land

We went to Pororo Land with my parents and my child, we had a blast.
Who did you go with ?
my parents and my child

I went to Yellowstone National park with my parents and my sister during summer of 1997.
What season and year did you go to ? 
Summer of 1997

I went to Yellowstone National park with my parents and my sister during summer of 1997.
Who did you go with ?
my parents and my sister

We rented out a cabin and had a great time.
What did you rent ? 
a cabin

I moved to Chicago from seoul, Korea in September of 1993 with my family.
What city did you come from? 
Seoul

I moved to Chicago from seoul, Korea in September of 1993 with my family.
What month and year did you move to US? 
September of 1993

I moved to Chicago from seoul, Korea in September of 1993 with my family.
What city did you move to? 
Chicago

I remember how everything just seemed so much bigger on my first day in America-airport, roads, cars, people, etc..
What do you remember how everything seem in US? 
so much bigger

On my second day in America, I went to Sears Tower with my dad, and I remember two gays that were inside the elevator with me and my dad kissed each other the whole time the elevator was going up to the top of the tallest building in the world at the time!
Where did you go to on your second day?
Sears Tower

On my second day in America, I went to Sears Tower with my dad, and I remember two gays that were inside the elevator with me and my dad kissed each other the whole time the elevator was going up to the top of the tallest building in the world at the time!
Who did you go with on your second day? 
my dad

On my second day in America, I went to Sears Tower with my dad, and I remember two gays that were inside the elevator with me and my dad kissed each other the whole time the elevator was going up to the top of the tallest building in the world at the time!
What do you remember ?
I remember two gays that were inside the elevator with me and my dad kissed each other 

My girlfriend visit me this summer at Seattle and we went to lots of places like Olympic national park, a small town where twilight takes a scene and serveral other places near Seattle.
Who visited you?  
My girlfriend

My girlfriend visit me this summer at Seattle and we went to lots of places like Olympic national park, a small town where twilight takes a scene and serveral other places near Seattle.
Which park did you go to?  
Olympic National Park  

We went to shishi beach, it is amazing beach and we were first drive on a wrong track and walking on a gloomy and scary path with only two of us.
Which beach did you go to ? 
shishi beach
 
I have seen the movie 22 hours in my undergraduate and I'm astonished by the strength of the main character Aaron.
What movie have you seen ? 
22 hours

I have seen the movie 22 hours in my undergraduate and I am astonished by the strength of the main character Aaron.
What were you astonished by ? 
the strength of the main character Aaron

Thus, I named my english name Aaron.
What did you name Aaron ?
my english name 

I went to Korea at middle school and got a friend there.
What school did you went to Korea ?
middle school

I went to Korea at middle school and got a friend there.
what did you get there?
a friend

I miss that 2 weeks stay at Korea.
how long did you stay at korea?
2 weeks

He replied to me the next day and we're both surpurised that the time went so fast.
When did you receive a reply? 
next day  

Recently, I found out his email address in my  hotmail inbox that I havn't used for years and sent a greeting to him.
Where did you find out his email address recently ?
my  hotmail inbox 

When I was a young boy, I lived in the center street of Maojiadian Town.
What town did you live in?
Maojiadian Town 

My mom got up as usual and took me to the Maojiadian Middle School.
Where did your mother take you to ?
Maojiadian Middle School

But when we arrived at MangNiu, we encountered a big steep slope.
Where did you encounter a big steep slope?
MangNiu
 
The vehicle just turned upside down and we all fall off.
What happened to the vehicle ?
turned upside down     

The vehicle just turned upside down and we all fall off.
What happened to you all ? 
fall off

When I was very young, at about age 10, my mom used to ride a YongJiu bicycle to take me to the Maojiadian Middle School.
What was your age about ?
10

When I was very young, at about age 10, my mom used to ride a YongJiu bicycle to take me to the Maojiadian Middle School.
What did your mother use to ride?
YongJiu bicycle

When I was very young, at about age 10, my mom used to ride a YongJiu bicycle to take me to the Maojiadian Middle School.
Where did she take you to ?
the Maojiadian Middle School

When we came back, I would ask my mom to let me ride and she will hold the back of the bicycle.
What would you ask your mom ?
to let me ride

When we came back, I would ask my mom to let me ride and she will hold the back of the bicycle.
What would she do ? 
hold the back of the bicycle

I remember my friend ZhangXu.
What is the name of person you remember ?
my friend ZhangXu 

When we were both very young, we spent a very interesting weekend together when we were about 14 years old.
How old were you?
14 years old

He told me that there was a watermelon farm nearby and we can steal one or two watermelon for dessert.
What can we steal watermelon for ?
dessert

At last, we were caught and sent to home by the farmers.
What happened to you at last ?
caught and sent to home by the farmers

I joined ISI in January 2009.
What month and year did you join ISI ? 
January 2009

At that time, I was excited to learn new area in AI and machine learning.
What two new areas were you excited to learn at that time ?
AI and machine learning 

Aram and Kary was very kind to me and it was so easy to settle down here.
What are the names of two people were very kind to you? 
Aram and Kary
  
My brother in law was visiting LA for the first time in 2010, and I decided to bring him to cart racing.
Who was visiting?  
My brother in law

My brother in law was visiting LA for the first time in 2010, and I decided to bring him to cart racing.
What year was it ?
2010

My brother in law was visiting LA for the first time in 2010, and I decided to bring him to cart racing. 
Where did you decide to bring him ? 
cart racing

Me and my wife along with my brother in law had exciting moment riding carts competing each other.
Who are the three people had exciting moment ?
Me and my wife along with my brother in law

I had my first internship interview with Facebook in September 2012.
What month and year was your first internship interview ? 
September 2012

Having no experience with coding interview, I was very struggling with the problem
What experience did you not have with ? 
coding interview

The interviewer was very friendly sharing his experience at Facebook.
What did the interviewer share ?
his experience at Facebook

My father taught me to swim in the stadium just after I had graduated from primary school. 
Who taught you? 
My father

My father taught me to swim in the stadium just after I had graduated from primary school. 
Where was it ?
in the stadium

My father taught me to swim in the stadium just after I had graduated from primary school.
When was it ?
just after I had graduated from primary school

It took me a week to practice. 
How long did it take you to practice?  
a week

My birthday present was a set of friction books, China's four famous.
What was your birthday present?
a set of friction books, China's four famous

My parents gave them to me when I was ten and let me know how charming Chinese literature is.
Who gave you this to you ?
My parents

My parents gave them to me when I was ten and let me know how charming Chinese literature is.
How old were you ?
ten

I started to learn Chinese calligraphy at the age of 5 and kept practicing until I graduated from primary school.
What was your age when you started to learn ?
5  

I went to mount rainier(Seattle) in summer this year while I was doing my internship.
What season and year did you go to ?
summer this year

I went to mount rainier(Seattle) in summer this year while I was doing my internship.
What were you doing ?
my internship

It was a hiking trip with three of my friends Natang, Mrunal and Jake.
What kind of trip was it?
hiking

It was a hiking trip with three of my friends Natang, Mrunal and Jake.
What are the names of three of your friends with ?
Natang, Mrunal and Jake

we hiked for around 6 miles, did some skiing and came back.
How long did you hike for around ?
6 miles

we hiked for around 6 miles, did some skiing and came back.
What also did you do ?
some skiiing

I went for water rafting in sauk river (Seattle) with two of my frieds Mrunal and natang.
What did you go for at Sauk River?
water rafting

I went for water rafting in sauk river (Seattle) with two of my frieds Mrunal and natang.
What are the names of two of your friends you with ?
Mrunal and natang

I went to Vegas in April 2014 with 2 of my friends Somal and Vidit.
What month and year did you travel?
April 2014

I went to Vegas in April 2014 with two of my friends Somal and Vidit.
What are the names of two of your friends you go with ? 
Somal and Vidit

I visited San Francisco with my sister in December 2013.
What month and year did you visit ?
December 2013

I visited San Francisco with my sister in December 2013.
Who did I visit with ?
my sister

I met 3 of her friends in San Jose, named, Ami, Pooja and Parita.
Which city did you meet 3 of her friends in ?
San Jose

I met 3 of her friends in San Jose, named, Ami, Pooja and Parita.
What are the names of 3 of her friends you met ?
Ami, Pooja and Parita

It was fun to hang out with them at Sausalito which is located beyond Golden Gate.
Where did you hang out ?
at Sausalito

We had pizza and wine.
What did you have ?
pizza and wine

It was a great evening to celebrate new year's eve!
What was it a great evening to celebrate ?
new year's eve

I started off with a subject name Computer Networks under a professor Ali Zahid.
What subject name did you start off ?
Computer Networks

I started off with a subject name Computer Networks under a professor Ali Zahid.
What is the name of a professor ?
Ali Zahid

He is an excellent faculty member at Viterbi School of Engineering.
Where is he an excellent faculty member at ?
Viterbi School of Engineering

My experience at the Universal Studios in December 2013 was amazing
What month and year was it ?
December 2013

I went there with my best friend, Siddharth Mehta.
What is the first and last name of the person you go there with ?
Siddharth Mehta

We met minions, my favorite animated character.
Who did you meet?
minions

We had delicious penne pasta at a restaurant named Little Italy.
What did you have ?
delicious penne pasta

We had delicious penne pasta at a restaurant named Little Italy.
Where did you have ?
Little Italy

Simpsons was my favorite ride.
What was your favorite ride ?
Simpsons

My family and I visited my sister Divya in Canada in 2013.
What year did you visit ?
2013

My family and I visited my sister Divya in Canada in 2013.
Who did I visit with ?
My family

My family and I visited my sister Divya in Canada in 2013.
What is the name of the person you visited ?
Divya

My family and I visited my sister Divya in Canada in 2013.
What is the relationshop of this person to you?
my sister

We visited places in Toronto, British Columbia and Vancouver.
Which cities did you visit?
Toronto, British Columbia and Vancouver

Vancouver Island was very beautiful.
What was very beautiful?
Vancouver Island

We also went to a ship ride in the Pacific ocean.
What also did you to ?
a ship ride in the Pacific ocean

During my internship at TCS, I went to an adventure park in Kerala.
Where was your intership at ? 
TCS

During my internship at TCS, I went to an adventure park in Kerala.
Where did you go to ?
an adventure park in Kerala

It had some of the best water rides I have ever been to.
What did it have ?
some of the best water rides

I started working with Tata Consultancy services in 2012.
What year was it ?
2012

I started working with Tata Consultancy services in 2012.
What did you start working ?
Tata Consultancy services

I learned a lot of new technologies and also made a lot of new friends.
What did you learn ? 
a lot of new technologies

I learned a lot of new technologies and also made a lot of new friends.
What also did you make ?
a lot of new friends

During my undergraduate study at BITS Pilani, I was working with publications and relationships unit.
Where was your undergraduate study at ?
BITS Pilani

During my undergraduate study at BITS Pilani, I was working with publications and relationships unit.
Where were you working with ?
publications and relationships unit

I was mainly responsible to invite colleges for our cultural festival.
What were you mainly responsible ?
to invite colleges for our cultural festival

These colleges were located in and around Delhi area.
Where were these colleges located in and around ?
Delhi area

My road trips to Jaipur in India from Kota were always full of fun.
Where did you travel to ?
Jaipur in India

My road trips to Jaipur in India from Kota were always full of fun.
Where did you travel from ?
Kota

My favorite game was super mario during those days.
What was your favorite game ?
super mario

This happened in 2006.
What year did this happen?
in 2006

I won female championship in 2005 in athletics.
What did I win ? 
female championship

I won female championship in 2005 in athletics.
What year did you win ?
2005

I was heading to the assembly when my teacher Miss. Malini called me aside and asked me for my full name.
Who did call you aside and asked you for your full name ?
my teacher Miss. Malini 

I was heading to the assembly when my teacher Miss. Malini called me aside and asked me for my full name.
Where were you heading to ?
the assembly 

During assembly my principal  Maithreyi Sathyadev told the names of all elected members.
Who did tell the names of all elected members ?
my principal  Maithreyi Sathyadev

It was in 2006.
What year was this in ?
2006

15 of us went for the movie from my school.
How many of you went for the movie from my school ?
15

We were in Sindhi High School in Bangalore, India.
Which school  were you in ? 
Sindhi High School 

We were in Sindhi High School in Bangalore, India.
What city and what country were you in ?
Bangalore, India

We watched the movie RDB.
What did you watch ?
the movie RDB

This happened in August 2011. 
What month and year did this happen ?
August 2011

Rashmi Krishnan, Shivalika Shylanath went with me.
What are the first and last names of two people went with you?
Rashmi Krishnan, Shivalika Shylanath 

We stayed at Rashmi's house.
Where did you stay at ? 
Rashmi's house 

We went to the beach the whole day.
Where did you go to the whole day?
the beach

We stayed 3 days.
How many days did you stay ?
3 days

We traveled by train to the place, and then used bus within the city.
What transportation did you travel to the place ?
train

We traveled by train to the place, and then used bus within the city.
What transportation did you use within the city ?
bus

The best part was the sunset at Fort Agwada.
What was the best part ?
the sunset at Fort Agwada

This was in 2010.
What year was this in ?
2010

I was in Delhi.
What city were you in?
Delhi

I went with my mom Babita and the instructor taught me.
What is the name of the person you went with ?
Babita
 
I went with my mom Babita and the instructor taught me.
Who taught you ?
the instructor

It was Laxmi Driving School.
What school was it ?
Laxmi Driving School

I learned how to drive a WagonR.
What did learned to drive ?
WagonR

It was silver grey in color
What color was it ?
silver grey

After learning for a month, my dad Manoj took me in his car to learn more. 
What is the name of the person took you in his car after learning ?
Manoj

After learning for a month, my dad Manoj took me in his car to learn more. 
How long did you learn ?
for a month

It was 2013.
What year was it ?
2013

We went to Goa.
Where did you go to ?
Goa

I went to VIT University in Vellore.
What university did you go to ?
VIT University

I went to VIT University in Vellore.
What city is university in ?
Vellore

We stayed 5-6 days.
How many days did you stay ?
5-6 days

There were 8 of us. 
How many of you were there ?
8

When my sister Anchal was 1 year old, I was playing with her.
How old your sister ?
1 year old

When my sister Anchal was 1 year old, I was playing with her.
What is the name of your sister ?
Anchal

I had huge metal bell toy and I dropped it on her nose.
What toy did you have ? 
huge metal bell toy

I had huge metal bell toy and I dropped it on her nose.
Where did you drop it ?
on her nose

I broke her nose.
What did you break ?
her nose

I was 4.
How old were you ?
4

We were in my parent's bedroom.
What room were you in ?
my parent's bedroom

When my grandma vasudha,77 years old from my fathers Kaustubh side was in nanavati hospital in mumbai.
What was your grandma's name ?
vasudha

When my grandma vasudha,77 years old from my fathers Kaustubh side was in nanavati hospital in mumbai.
How old was she?
77 years old

When my grandma vasudha,77 years old from my fathers Kaustubh side was in nanavati hospital in mumbai.
What hospital was she in?
nanavati hospital

When my grandma vasudha,77 years old from my fathers Kaustubh side was in nanavati hospital in mumbai.
What city was she in?
mumbai

When my grandma vasudha,77 years old from my fathers Kaustubh side was in nanavati hospital in mumbai.
What is the name of her son?
Kaustubh

She was battling Alzheimer.
What was she battling ?
Alzheimer

I was 18.
How old was I ?
18

I went with my dad kaustubh to drive on the streets.
Who did you go with to drive ?
my dad kaustubh

It was really difficult (it was manual car) to lift the clutch and  press the pedal at the same time.
What was it really difficult to do ?
to lift the clutch and  press the pedal at the same time.

I almost ran over a dog.
What did you almost run over ?
a dog

It was a maruti suzuki zen white color.
What color was it ?
white

It was a maruti suzuki zen white color.
What model was it ?
maruti suzuki zen 

My parents kaustubh and sandhya were saying you need to get a good score to get a cell phone. 
What were your parents saying ?
to get a good score to get a cell phone

My parents kaustubh and sandhya were saying you need to get a good score to get a cell phone.
What are the names of two people were saying you ?
kaustubh and sandhya

It was NOKIA N72.
What model was it ? 
NOKIA N72

I was in jamnabai narsee school in mumbai
What school were you in ?
jamnabai narsee school

I was in jamnabai narsee school in mumbai
What city the school was in ?
mumbai

I was looking forward to the scenic drive to San Jose in the 1st week of August with my dad who had come to LA a couple of days back.
What month was this in?
August

I was looking forward to the scenic drive to San Jose in the 1st week of August with my dad who had come to LA a couple of days back.
Who had come to LA?
my dad

Visiting San Jose was a trip down memory lane since I had lived in Los Altos for almost 3 years between 2000 and 2003.
Where have you lived for almost 3 years ?
Los Altos

Even though I was only in the 5th grade at that time, the locality of my past home was pretty much cemented in my head, Eg: the local library, nearby Rite-aid, etc. 
What grade were you in at that time ?
5th grade

As a kid, what I used to remember as long drive to my friends place now is just a 5 minute drive.
How many minutes drive to your friends place ? 
5
 
Starting my graduate studies in Fall 2013, semester by semester, I have noticed a change for the worst in the administration of graduate classes at USC Viterbi.
What season and year did you start your grad studies?
Fall 2013

Ryan had just leased a BMW 3 series and was eager to take it on a long drive.
Who had just leased a BMW3 series ?
Ryan

Ryan had just leased a BMW 3 series and was eager to take it on a long drive.
What had Ryan just leased ?
a BMW 3 series

But the dinner buffet we had at the Stratosphere was horrible.
Where did you have a dinner buffet at ?
the Stratosphere

Due to lack of time, we headed back to San Diego and I caught a bus to LA Monday morning.
Where did you head back to, Due to lack of time ?
San Diego

Mohit lost his grandfather in September 2007.
Who lost his grandfather ? 
Mohit

Mohit lost his grandfather in September 2007.
What month and year did this happen? 
September 2007

Mohit lost his grandfather in September 2007.
Who did Mohit lose? 
His grandfather

Early morning everyone was sleeping and suddenly got news of his passing away.
What time of day did everyon get the news ?
Early morning

He was totally fit but he was feeling hot and asked to switch on a FAN, later he said he has no effect of FAN being turned on.
What did he ask to swith on ?
a FAN

Suddenly he fell and he was gone. 
How did he die? 
he fell

First best friend was named Tarun and had been childhood friend of Mohit.
What is the name of Mohit's first best friend?
Tarun

He is pursuing Chemical Engineering in Bangalore in India.
What is he pursuing ?
Chemical Engineering

He is pursuing Chemical Engineering in Bangalore in India.
What city is he pursuing ?
Bangalore

Mohit's Sister was born in Faridabad in March.
Who was born ?
Mohit's Sister

Mohit's Sister was born in Faridabad in March.
What month was Mohit's Sister born in ?
March

Mohit's Sister was born in Faridabad in March.
What city was Mohit's Sister born ?
Faridabad

Sister was named by her elder cousin brothers.
Who named her? 
her elder cousin brothers

Her first birthday was in RAJHANS.
Where was her first birthday?  
RAJHANS

In my college I used to play football, but I got injured and couldn't play anymore. 
What did you used to play? 
football
 
So in my 4th semester around January 2012, I started learning the rules of basketball and started playing.
What month and year did you start learning ?
January 2012

I got so good at it that I was included in my college basketball team next semester in August 2012. 
What month and year were you included in your college basketball team ? 
August 2012

When I was in high school, I wanted to get into Lahore University of Management Sciences(LUMS).
What university did you want to get into ?
Lahore University of Management Sciences(LUMS)

The test happened 4 months before every other university test and I got my admission in Feb 2010 for the fall semester in 2010.
How often (months) did the test happen before every other university test ? 
4

Everyone else who didnt get in, had to apply to other universities where test took place in June.
What month did other universities test take place ?   
June

When I was about to graduate in 2010, I got the title "Manchester United na hota tou kya hota" which means "If there was no Manchester United, what would have happened".
What year was this? 
2010

When I was about to graduate in 2010, I got the title "Manchester United na hota tou kya hota" which means "If there was no Manchester United, what would have happened".
What title did you get?
"Manchester United na hota tou kya hota"

When I was about to graduate in 2010, I got the title "Manchester United na hota tou kya hota" which means "If there was no Manchester United, what would have happened".
What did the title mean ?
"If there was no Manchester United, what would have happened"

In August 2011, I took a trip to Japan to attend a wedding.
What month and year this was?  
August 2011       

My friend Hiroko was getting married to an Iraqi diplomat, Hewa Jaff.
What is the name of your friend was getting married ?
Hiroko

My friend Hiroko was getting married to an Iraqi diplomat, Hewa Jaff.
Who did your friend was getting married to ?
Iraqi diplomat, Hewa Jaff

The wedding took place in Hiroko's hometown Fukuoka.
What city did the wedding take place in? 
Fukuoka

The wedding took place in Hiroko's hometown Fukuoka.
Whose hometown was it? 
Hiroko's 

The entire ceremony as well as the reception party was hosted by a 100-year old restaurant named Sankoen. 
What was the name of the restaurant? 
Sankoen

Each guest was served a full course dinner consisting of 10 traditional Japanese courses and three glasses of beer.
How many courses were there in the dinner? 
10

Each guest was served a full course dinner consisting of 10 traditional Japanese courses and three glasses of beer.
How glasses of beer drinks did each guest get?
3

Each guest was served a full course dinner consisting of 10 traditional Japanese courses and three glasses of beer.
What drinks did each guest get ?
three glasses of beer

My family immigrated to the United States in 1993 when I was 13 years old.
What year did your family move to US?
1993

My family immigrated to the United States in 1993 when I was 13 years old.
How old were you ?
13 years old

Since then my family had lived together in a town called Mukilteo in Washington. 
What town did your family live together in?
Mukilteo

In November 2007, I had to make a difficult decision to move back to Seoul alone to make living.
What month and year did you have to make a difficult decide to move back ?
November 2007

In November 2007, I had to make a difficult decision to move back to Seoul alone to make living.
What city did you move back ?
Seoul

My sister Christine was my biggest support making the big transition of my life easier for me and my parents.
What was the name of your biggest supporter? 
Christine

I still remember our talk over a cup of latte at the Starbucks cafe minutes we parted at the SeaTac Airport.
Where do you still remember your talk over at ?
Starbucks cafe

I still remember our talk over a cup of latte at the Starbucks cafe minutes we parted at the SeaTac Airport.
What did you have ?
a cup of latte

I still remember our talk over a cup of latte at the Starbucks cafe minutes we parted at the SeaTac Airport.
What airport did you parted from ?
SeaTac Airport 
 
I had just arrived at the Frankfurt Airport from Tripoli.
What airport had you arrived to?
Frankfurt Airport

I had just arrived at the Frankfurt Airport from Tripoli.
What city had you arrived from ?
Tripoli

It was February of 2011.
What month and year was this?
February of 2011

While I was roaming around the airport looking for a good place to eat, I received a call from Ellie Oh, a college from my office in Seoul.
What is the name of the person who called you? 
Ellie Oh

I was to cancel my flight home to Seoul and instead I had fly to Oulu the next morning for a meeting.
Where did you have fly to instead ?
Oulu

My second cat became a part of my family in a rather unusual manner
What did become a part of my family in a rather unusual manner ?
My second cat

She was abandoned by her former owner, who was also my neighbor.
Who did abandon her ?
former owner  

My neighbor kept to herself, so I never learned her name, but I believe she was a lawyer.
What was your neighbor's occupation?
a lawyer

A delivery person claiming to have a gift appeared outside her door one day, and she yelled, "Help! Someone call 911!" as she fled out her back door. 
Who came to her door one day?  
A delivery person

A delivery person claiming to have a gift appeared outside her door one day, and she yelled, "Help! Someone call 911!" as she fled out her back door. 
What did that person claim to have? 
a gift

A delivery person claiming to have a gift appeared outside her door one day, and she yelled, "Help! Someone call 911!" as she fled out her back door.
What did your neighbor yell?  
"Help! Someone call 911!"

Emergency services arrived later thanks to concerned neighbors heeding her cries.
What arrived later?
Emergency services

Nothing eventful happened for the rest of that day, but days later, she moved out of her apartment leaving behind her fluffy, white, precious, Persian cat. 
What did your neighbor do days later?
she moved out of her apartment

When I was little, I would come home from elementary school just in time to have missed my favorite TV show, "Legend of the Hidden Temple."
What is the name of your favorite TV show ?  
"Legend of the Hidden Temple."  

The show used to come on when most kids had finished school for the day, but one year, Nickelodeon decided to move the show to an earlier time. 
Who decided to move the show to an earlier time ?
Nickelodeon

I elected to write a letter to Nickelodeon one day, expressing this point of view.
Who did you write the letter to? 
Nickelodeon

I wasn't sure where exactly to send the letter, so I simply addressed it to the same Nickelodeon address where kids would write to participate in game shows.
Where did you simplly address it to ?
the same Nickelodeon address where kids would write to participate in game shows

Years ago for one of Bonny's birthdays, I decided to show her how much I enjoyed being a computer nerd by rebuilding her computer in a custom chassis. 
What did you do for Bonny's birthday?  
rebuilding her computer in a custom chassi

I purchased a cool looking chassis with green internal lights and started brainstorming way to customize it for her. 
What color was the lights?
green

I purchased a cool looking chassis with green internal lights and started brainstorming way to customize it for her. 
What did you purchase ? 
a cool looking chassis with green internal lights

I decided to tape over the decorative accents on the outside of the case and spray paint the rest of the case pink, her favorite color.
What was her favorite color ?
pink

During the month of August my family and I finally had time to celebrate my birthday. 
What month was this?
August

We went to the Camdem Aquarium and had blast.
Where did you go?
Camdem Aquarium

Emma, my daughter was hungry after so we went had a nice dinner right on the water in Philly.
What is the name of the person that was hungry? 
Emma

Emma, my daughter was hungry after so we went had a nice dinner right on the water in Philly.
Where did you have dinner?
Philly

After dinner we had a little fun at Dave and Busters.
Where did you have a little fun after dinner?
Dave and Busters

Last week me and my good friend Johnny went to eat at a great steakhouse. 
Who was your good friend went to eat ?
Johnny

The steakhouse was called Ruths.
What type of restaurant did you go ?
steakhouse

The steakhouse was called Ruths.
What was it called ?
Ruths

Johnny took the steak challenge and tried to eat a 32oz steak.
Who took the challenge to eat?
Johnny

Johnny took the steak challenge and tried to eat a 32oz steak.
What was the goal for the challenge ?
to eat a 32oz steak

I went apple picking at the Orts Orchard with my daughter Emma and girlfriend sonia. 
Where did you go?
Orts Orchard

I went apple picking at the Orts Orchard with my daughter Emma and girlfriend sonia.
What are the names of two people went with you? 
Emma and sonia

We gathered about 25 apples during our trip there. 
How many apples did you gather during your trip there ?
25 apples

We also got two pumpkins. 
What did you get also?
two pumpkins

We ended up baking a pie of each after along with carving the pumpkins.
What did you end up doing?
baking a pie of each after along with carving the pumpkins

It was August of 2013. 
What month and year was it?
August 2013

My Mamma was 84 years old and doing very poorly. 
How old was Mamma?
84 years old

She lived in Richmond Indiana and we live in Kentucky. 
What city did she live in?
Richmond 

She lived in Richmond Indiana and we live in Kentucky.
What state did she live in?
Indiana

She lived in Richmond Indiana and we live in Kentucky.
What state do you live in?
Kentucky

We knew she was not going to make it for very much longer, so my husband drove my Mom, me and our daughters up there to see her. 
Who was driving?
my husband

We knew she was not going to make it for very much longer, so my husband drove my Mom, me and our daughters up there to see her. 
Who else went with you on the visit? 
my Mom, me and our daughters

We went to the hospital where she was, and they were in the process of releasing her back to the nursing home. 
Where did we go to where she was ?
the hospital

We went to the hospital where she was, and they were in the process of releasing her back to the nursing home. 
Where did she go next?
nursing home

We lost her September 20, 2013. 
What month, date, year did we lose her ?         
September 20 2013

In May of 2014, my husband, our children, his brother, sister in law, and I went to pick our oldest daughter up from her first year of college at Alice Lloyd College here in Kentucky. 
What month and year was this?
May 2014

In May of 2014, my husband, our children, his brother, sister in law, and I went to pick our oldest daughter up from her first year of college at Alice Lloyd College here in Kentucky. 
Who went on that trip?                                    
my husband, our children, his brother, sister in law, and I

In May of 2014, my husband, our children, his brother, sister in law, and I went to pick our oldest daughter up from her first year of college at Alice Lloyd College here in Kentucky. 
What is the name of the college was your daughter in? 
Alice Lloyd College


In May of 2012 I went to Fort Campbell, Kentucky to attend my brother in law and his wifes wedding. 
What month and year was the wedding?
May 2012

In May of 2012 I went to Fort Campbell, Kentucky to attend my brother in law and his wifes wedding.
What city was it to attend?
Fort Campbell

In May of 2012 I went to Fort Campbell, Kentucky to attend my brother in law and his wifes wedding.
What state was it to attend?
Kentucky

In May of 2012 I went to Fort Campbell, Kentucky to attend my brother in law and his wifes wedding.
What is the relationship to groom ?                                
my brother in law

We attended the wedding of David and Amanda Hansen on a bright beautiful sunny day. 
What were the names of people getting married?
David and Amanda Hansen 

While there we stayed at the Hilton Inn and we had a wonderful breakfast everyday at a cracker barrel located next door. 
Where did you stay ?
Hilton Inn

While there we stayed at the Hilton Inn and we had a wonderful breakfast everyday at a cracker barrel located next door.
Where did you have a wonderful breakfast everyday at ?
a cracker barrel

We got to meet David and Amandas best friend and best man Sean Hughes and I also met Amandas sisters Nicole and Megan for the first time.    
What was the first and the last name of the best man ?
Sean Hughes

We got to meet David and Amandas best friend and best man Sean Hughes and I also met Amandas sisters Nicole and Megan for the first time. 
What were the first names of the bride's sisters? 
Nicole and Megan

We all went out to dinner for the wedding, it was small, at a local restauraunt called Charleston Steak Place. 
What is the name of a local restaurant you all went out to dinner?
Charleston Steak Place

Three years ago, May of 2011 my youngest sister graduated from high school. 
What month and year was this?
May 2011

Three years ago, May of 2011 my youngest sister graduated from high school. 
Who graduated from high school?
my youngest sister

I do not live where she goes to school, Jackson, MI
What city was this in?                
Jackson

I live about 6 hrs away in Illinois so I drove there with my husband for the ceremony. 
Who did you drive with for the ceremony?
my husband

I live about 6 hrs away in Illinois so I drove there with my husband for the ceremony. 
What state do you live ?
Illinois

I live about 6 hrs away in Illinois so I drove there with my husband for the ceremony. 
How many hours do you live away?
6 hrs
   
My husband and I checked into the local Americas Inn and we drove to the school. 
Where did you stay?                   
Americas Inn        

The school she was attending, Jackson High School is located on Wisner St so we drove over and went to the football stadium where the ceremony was held. 
What is the name of the school?       
Jackson High School

The school she was attending, Jackson High School is located on Wisner St so we drove over and went to the football stadium where the ceremony was held. 
What street is it located ?
Wisner St

The school she was attending, Jackson High School is located on Wisner St so we drove over and went to the football stadium where the ceremony was held. 
Where was the ceremony held ? 
football stadium

During the events of 9/11/2013 I was still a sophomore in High School. 
What grade level were you during the events?           
sophomore in High School

I was attending Jackson High School in Jackson, MI.
What school were you attending ?
Jackson High School

I was attending Jackson High School in Jackson, MI.
What city was your school in ?
Jackson

I was attending Jackson High School in Jackson, MI.
What state was your school in ?
MI

I was sitting in my sociology class with Mr. Weatherwax when another teacher, Mrs. Brown entered the classroom and spoke quitely to my teacher. 
Who was teaching the class?                    
Mr. Weatherwax

I was sitting in my sociology class with Mr. Weatherwax when another teacher, Mrs. Brown entered the classroom and spoke quitely to my teacher. 
What class were you sitting in ?
sociology class

I was sitting in my sociology class with Mr. Weatherwax when another teacher, Mrs. Brown entered the classroom and spoke quitely to my teacher. 
Who entered the classroom and spoke quitely to my teacher ?
Mrs. Brown

I remember talking with my best friend Loryn Smith about the craziness of what was happening.
What is the name of person you remember talking with ?
Loryn Smith

For Halloween this year, Ed Hurff, Kim Knudson, my fiance, Christopher Tricker and I all went to Half Moon Bay to visit the Pumpkin Festival. 
What month did you go there?                                 
October

For Halloween this year, Ed Hurff, Kim Knudson, my fiance, Christopher Tricker and I all went to Half Moon Bay to visit the Pumpkin Festival. 
What are the names of three people that went there with you? 
Ed Hurff, Kim Knudson, my fiance, Christopher Tricker and I

For Halloween this year, Ed Hurff, Kim Knudson, my fiance, Christopher Tricker and I all went to Half Moon Bay to visit the Pumpkin Festival.
What did you visit there?                                    
the Pumpkin Festival

For Halloween this year, Ed Hurff, Kim Knudson, my fiance, Christopher Tricker and I all went to Half Moon Bay to visit the Pumpkin Festival.
Where did you all go to ?
Half Moon Bay

We ate Pumpkin Pie and BBQ Ribs and saw the largest pumpkin in the state! 
What two things did you eat?                                
Pumpkin Pie and BBQ Ribs

We ate Pumpkin Pie and BBQ Ribs and saw the largest pumpkin in the state!
What did you see?                                            
the largest pumpkin in the state

My fiance, Christopher and I took a trip to San Diego for Thanksgiving in 2011. 
What is the name of the person took a trip to ? 
My fiance, Christopher

My fiance, Christopher and I took a trip to San Diego for Thanksgiving in 2011.
What month and year was it ?              
November 2011

We visited my sister, Alicia and her husband Sydd, and their children Gillian and Geoffery. 
What are the names of the four people you visited? 
my sister, Alicia and her husband Sydd, and their children Gillian and Geoffery

We had Thanksgiving dinner together and went black Friday shopping.
What did you have together?                        
Thanksgiving dinner

We had Thanksgiving dinner together and went black Friday shopping.
Where did you go together?
black Friday shopping

In 2011 March month me and my friends visited in Ooty in Tamil Nadu,  Mysore , Bangalore in Karnataka state.  
What month and year was this trip? 
March 2011

In 2011 March month me and my friends visited in Ooty in Tamil Nadu,  Mysore , Bangalore in Karnataka state.
What city did you visit?                                           
Ooty

In 2011 March month me and my friends visited in Ooty in Tamil Nadu,  Mysore , Bangalore in Karnataka state.
What state is it in ?
Karnataka

My best friends Godwin Jose, Melbin, Jithu and Jerin also join in the journey. 
What are the names of your best friends join in the journey ? 
My best friends Godwin Jose, Melbin, Jithu and Jerin

In all of these friends including me take the album and store in our home securely.
What did you take and store in your home securely?                      
album

Those one week we enjoy very much. 
How many weeks did you stay?                                
one week

this year in April we went to coorg - a hill station to spent summer vaction. we booked a cottage in mahindra resort. 
What month and year did you go there?                                              
April 2014                

this year in April we went to coorg - a hill station to spent summer vaction. we booked a cottage in mahindra resort
What resort did you book ?
mahindra resort

this year in April we went to coorg - a hill station to spent summer vaction. we booked a cottage in mahindra resort
Where did you go to ?
coorg - a hill station

this year in April we went to coorg - a hill station to spent summer vaction. we booked a cottage in mahindra resort
What did you book ?
a cottage

this place was 250 kms away from our home town.
How many kms away was this place from your home town?                                             
250 kms

we used our own vehicle for travelling. 
What did you use for travelling?
our own vehicle

the manager Mr.Babu,Administrator Mr. Joby; the servent Miss. sheela they were so nice and treated us very well. 
What was the name of the manager?       
Mr.Babu

the manager Mr.Babu,Administrator Mr. Joby; the servent Miss. sheela they were so nice and treated us very well. 
What was the name of Administrator ?              
Mr. Joby

the manager Mr.Babu,Administrator Mr. Joby; the servent Miss. sheela they were so nice and treated us very well. 
What was the name of servent ?
Miss. sheela

our driver, Mr. Raju was a nice person.
What was the name of your driver ?
Mr. Raju

we saw sunset in madikeri, another hill station which is 2500 feets above sea level.
Where did you see sunset in ?
madikeri
 
we saw sunset in madikeri, another hill station which is 2500 feets above sea level.
How many feets above sea leve is it ?
2500 

the tour guide mr. Moorthy, very nice person. 
What was the name of the tour guide ?
mr. Moorthy

my uncle had a car. 
Who had a car ?
my uncle

i was 10 years old at that time.
How old were you at that time ?
10

i am working in a bank. 
Where are you working in ?
a bank

my position is accountant. 
What is your position ?
accountant

the day  (22 December 2013) in the morning i went to bank as usual.
What date, month, and year was it ?
22 December 2013

the manager Mr. Prakash told me that cashier was leave on that day so i had to take the charge of cashier for smooth functioning of the day. 
Who was the manager ?
Mr. Prakash

the manager Mr. Prakash told me that cashier was leave on that day so i had to take the charge of cashier for smooth functioning of the day.
What did you have to take the charge of ?
cashier

it was around 11.30 am five or six persons came suddendly at a time in side the bank. 
What time was it around ?
11.30 am

it was taken 6 months to recover from this incident.
Hoe many months was it taken to recover ?
6 months

they asked me to give locker keys.
What did they ask you to give?
locker keys

After waiting for one requester from Amazon MTurk to post the many HITs it normally does, it turned out to be an especially large amount this time. 
What did you waiting for one requester from ?
Amazon MTurk

Enough for me to make $100 in a day. 
How much do you make in a day ?
$100

It took over 10 hours of my day, but the benefit exceeded the cost. 
How many hours did it take over of your day ?
10 hours

Some elementary school kid found it funny to make fun of my weight by singing "Milkshake" by that singer Kelis. 
Who found it funny to make fun of ?
Some elementary school kid

Some elementary school kid found it funny to make fun of my weight by singing "Milkshake" by that singer Kelis.
What did it make fun of ?
your weight

Some elementary school kid found it funny to make fun of my weight by singing "Milkshake" by that singer Kelis.
What did it by singing ?
"Milkshake"

Some elementary school kid found it funny to make fun of my weight by singing "Milkshake" by that singer Kelis.
Who was that singer ?
Kelis

I passed by hearing this, and told the kid to "fuck off." 
What did tell the kid?
"fuck off."

I really hate when people make fun of someone in a way that's so obvious in terms of hearing.
What do you really hate ?
when people make fun of someone in a way that's so obvious in terms of hearing.

For me it's the bad mistake of drinking chocolate milk, as it led to rough digestion, and I ended up vomiting.
What was it the bad mistake of drinking ?
chocolate milk

For me it's the bad mistake of drinking chocolate milk, as it led to rough digestion, and I ended up vomiting.
What did it lead to ?
rough digestion

For me it's the bad mistake of drinking chocolate milk, as it led to rough digestion, and I ended up vomiting.
What did you end up ?
vomiting

6 years ago, in Portland Oregon Ameerah was born. 
What year was this event?
2008

6 years ago, in Portland Oregon Ameerah was born. 
How many years ago was it ?
6

6 years ago, in Portland Oregon Ameerah was born. 
Who was born ?
Ameerah

6 years ago, in Portland Oregon Ameerah was born. 
What city was it ?
Portland

6 years ago, in Portland Oregon Ameerah was born. 
What state was it ?
Oregon

She was delivered via C section on April 8th.
What was she delivered via ?
C section

She was delivered via C section on April 8th.
What month and date was it ?
April 8th

5 years ago I got interviewed for a position as a server.   
What year did this event occur?
2009

5 years ago I got interviewed for a position as a server.   
How many years ago was it ?
5

5 years ago I got interviewed for a position as a server.
What did you get interviewed for a position as ?
server 

It was at a local sushi place that was my favorite. 
Where was it at ?
a local sushi place

3 years ago in September I went to dinner with Anthony.  
What month and year did this event occur?
September 2011

3 years ago in September I went to dinner with Anthony.  
How many years ago was it ?
3

3 years ago in September I went to dinner with Anthony.
Who did you go to dinner with ?
Anthony

We had been together for 4 years already. 
How many years already had you been together for ?
4

When we got our meal of Chinese food he pulled out a box. He opened it and slipped the ring on my finger and asked me if I would marry him.  
What kinds of food did you get ?
Chinese food

When we got our meal of Chinese food he pulled out a box. He opened it and slipped the ring on my finger and asked me if I would marry him. 
What did he slipped on your finger ?
the ring

When we got our meal of Chinese food he pulled out a box. He opened it and slipped the ring on my finger and asked me if I would marry him. 
What did he ask you ?
if I would marry him

This story is about my vacation with my boyfriend Conrad to Dominican Republic. (2012) 
What is the name of the person you were with ?
Conrad

This story is about my vacation with my boyfriend Conrad to Dominican Republic. (2012)
Who is the relationship of this person to you ?
my boyfriend

This story is about my vacation with my boyfriend Conrad to Dominican Republic. (2012)
Where was your vacation to ?
Dominican Republic

This story is about my vacation with my boyfriend Conrad to Dominican Republic. (2012)
What year was it ?
2012

We went to Playa grande beach every day.  
What beach did you go to every day ?
Playa grande beach

We also drove around Santo Domingo and fed stray puppies.
Where did you drive around also ?
Santo Domingo

We also drove around Santo Domingo and fed stray puppies.
What did yor feed ?
stray puppies

I am at my boyfriend Conrad at a club 4 years ago.  
How many years ago was it ?
4

I am at my boyfriend Conrad at a club 4 years ago.
Who were you at ? 
my boyfriend Conrad 

I am at my boyfriend Conrad at a club 4 years ago.
Where did you meet this person ?
at a club

I never thought that he would be the love of my life.  
What did you never think ?
he would be the love of my life

We talked briefly in the club and exchanged information. 
Where did you talk briefly ?
in the club

Eventually we met up in Las Vegas for our first date.
What city did you meet up for your first date ?
Las Vegas

I was a bridesmaid for my cousin Stacy's wedding.  
What was I ?
a bridesmaid 

I was a bridesmaid for my cousin Stacy's wedding.
What was the name of the person's wedding ?
my cousin Stacy

I wore a beautiful lilac colored dress that fit very well.
What did you wear ?
a beautiful lilac colored dress

Her wedding was outdoors around 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
What time was her wedding around ?
2 o'clock in the afternoon.

after 5 days we gone to honeymoon.
How many days did we go to honeymoon?
5

We go to shimla and manali. 
Where did you go to ?
shimla and manali

It was a adventures tour.
What was it ?
adventures tour

There were lot of activities there as there was lot of snow fall in the valley. 
What was in the valley ?
snow fall

i go to college for ny post graduate.
Where did you go to college for ?
ny post graduate

I was 19 when i started learning how to ride my bike. 
How old were you ?
19

I was 19 when i started learning how to ride my bike.
What did you start learning ?
how to ride my bike

While am I am working at ESSAR Refinery Jamnagar in 2012, I went to Diu with Apurv, Jagdeesh, Jayeesh, Anil. 
Where are you working at ? 
ESSAR Refinery Jamnagar

While am I am working at ESSAR Refinery Jamnagar in 2012, I went to Diu with Apurv, Jagdeesh, Jayeesh, Anil.
What year was it ?
2012

While am I am working at ESSAR Refinery Jamnagar in 2012, I went to Diu with Apurv, Jagdeesh, Jayeesh, Anil.
Where did you go to ?
Diu

While am I am working at ESSAR Refinery Jamnagar in 2012, I went to Diu with Apurv, Jagdeesh, Jayeesh, Anil. 
What are the names of four people did you go with ?
Apurv, Jagdeesh, Jayeesh, Anil

On the way, I also went to Somnath temple by morning 6am to see arthi to Lord Shiva. 
Where did you go to also on the way ?
Somnath temple

On the way, I also went to Somnath temple by morning 6am to see arthi to Lord Shiva. 
What time did you go by ?
6am

On the way, I also went to Somnath temple by morning 6am to see arthi to Lord Shiva.
What did you go to see ?
arthi to Lord Shiva

In my hometown Harur, I learned swimming in a well at Eattipatty village. It was December month, my trainers are my father, my friend rajesh.  
What is your hometown ?
Harur

In my hometown Harur, I learned swimming in a well at Eattipatty village. It was December month, my trainers are my father, my friend rajesh. 
What village did you learned swimming ?
Eattipatty

In my hometown Harur, I learned swimming in a well at Eattipatty village. It was December month, my trainers are my father, my friend rajesh.
What month was it ?
December

In my hometown Harur, I learned swimming in a well at Eattipatty village. It was December month, my trainers are my father, my friend rajesh.
Who are your trainers ?
my father, my friend rajesh

In 2012 August 29th, I came by flight for first time from Ahmedabad to Bengaluru.
What year, month, and date was it ?
2012 August 29th

In 2012 August 29th, I came by flight for first time from Ahmedabad to Bengaluru.
Where did you come by flight for first time from ?
Ahmedabad

In 2012 August 29th, I came by flight for first time from Ahmedabad to Bengaluru.
Where did you come by flight for first time to ?
Bengaluru

I came through flight of spice jet for 2 hrs.
What did you come through flight of ?
spice jet

I came through flight of spice jet for 2 hrs.
How many hours was it ?
2 hrs

From Bengalru my uncle sakthi picked me and travel to home for 400kms in scorpio 
What is the name of your uncle ?
sakthi

From Bengalru my uncle sakthi picked me and travel to home for 400kms in scorpio 
Where did your uncle pick you and travel ?
Bengalru

From Bengalru my uncle sakthi picked me and travel to home for 400kms in scorpio
How many kms was it ?
400kms

From Bengalru my uncle sakthi picked me and travel to home for 400kms in scorpio
Where was your home in ?
scorpio


