During the month of August my family and I finally had time to celebrate my birthday. 
What month was this?
August

We went to the Camdem Aquarium and had blast.
Where did you go?
Camdem Aquarium

Emma, my daughter was hungry after so we went had a nice dinner right on the water in Philly.
What is the name of the person that was hungry? 
Emma

Emma, my daughter was hungry after so we went had a nice dinner right on the water in Philly.
Where did you have dinner?
Philly

After dinner we had a little fun at Dave and Busters.
Where did you have a little fun after dinner?
Dave and Busters

Last week me and my good friend Johnny went to eat at a great steakhouse. 
Who was your good friend went to eat ?
Johnny

The steakhouse was called Ruths.
What type of restaurant did you go ?
steakhouse

The steakhouse was called Ruths.
What was it called ?
Ruths

Johnny took the steak challenge and tried to eat a 32oz steak.
Who took the challenge to eat?
Johnny

Johnny took the steak challenge and tried to eat a 32oz steak.
What was the goal for the challenge ?
to eat a 32oz steak

I went apple picking at the Orts Orchard with my daughter Emma and girlfriend sonia. 
Where did you go?
Orts Orchard

I went apple picking at the Orts Orchard with my daughter Emma and girlfriend sonia.
What are the names of two people went with you? 
Emma and sonia

We gathered about 25 apples during our trip there. 
How many apples did you gather during your trip there ?
25 apples

We also got two pumpkins. 
What did you get also?
two pumpkins

We ended up baking a pie of each after along with carving the pumpkins.
What did you end up doing?
baking a pie of each after along with carving the pumpkins

It was August of 2013. 
What month and year was it?
August 2013

My Mamma was 84 years old and doing very poorly. 
How old was Mamma?
84 years old

She lived in Richmond Indiana and we live in Kentucky. 
What city did she live in?
Richmond 

She lived in Richmond Indiana and we live in Kentucky.
What state did she live in?
Indiana

She lived in Richmond Indiana and we live in Kentucky.
What state do you live in?
Kentucky

We knew she was not going to make it for very much longer, so my husband drove my Mom, me and our daughters up there to see her. 
Who was driving?
my husband

We knew she was not going to make it for very much longer, so my husband drove my Mom, me and our daughters up there to see her. 
Who else went with you on the visit? 
my Mom, me and our daughters

We went to the hospital where she was, and they were in the process of releasing her back to the nursing home. 
Where did we go to where she was ?
the hospital

We went to the hospital where she was, and they were in the process of releasing her back to the nursing home. 
Where did she go next?
nursing home

We lost her September 20, 2013. 
What month, date, year did we lose her ?         
September 20 2013

In May of 2014, my husband, our children, his brother, sister in law, and I went to pick our oldest daughter up from her first year of college at Alice Lloyd College here in Kentucky. 
What month and year was this?
May 2014

In May of 2014, my husband, our children, his brother, sister in law, and I went to pick our oldest daughter up from her first year of college at Alice Lloyd College here in Kentucky. 
Who went on that trip?                                    
my husband, our children, his brother, sister in law, and I

In May of 2014, my husband, our children, his brother, sister in law, and I went to pick our oldest daughter up from her first year of college at Alice Lloyd College here in Kentucky. 
What is the name of the college was your daughter in? 
Alice Lloyd College


In May of 2012 I went to Fort Campbell, Kentucky to attend my brother in law and his wifes wedding. 
What month and year was the wedding?
May 2012

In May of 2012 I went to Fort Campbell, Kentucky to attend my brother in law and his wifes wedding.
What city was it to attend?
Fort Campbell

In May of 2012 I went to Fort Campbell, Kentucky to attend my brother in law and his wifes wedding.
What state was it to attend?
Kentucky

In May of 2012 I went to Fort Campbell, Kentucky to attend my brother in law and his wifes wedding.
What is the relationship to groom ?                                
my brother in law

We attended the wedding of David and Amanda Hansen on a bright beautiful sunny day. 
What were the names of people getting married?
David and Amanda Hansen 

While there we stayed at the Hilton Inn and we had a wonderful breakfast everyday at a cracker barrel located next door. 
Where did you stay ?
Hilton Inn

While there we stayed at the Hilton Inn and we had a wonderful breakfast everyday at a cracker barrel located next door.
Where did you have a wonderful breakfast everyday at ?
a cracker barrel

We got to meet David and Amandas best friend and best man Sean Hughes and I also met Amandas sisters Nicole and Megan for the first time.    
What was the first and the last name of the best man ?
Sean Hughes

What were the first names of the bride's sisters? 
Nicole and Megan

We all went out to dinner for the wedding, it was small, at a local restauraunt called Charleston Steak Place. 
What is the name of a local restaurant you all went out to dinner?
Charleston Steak Place

Three years ago, May of 2011 my youngest sister graduated from high school. 
What month and year was this?
May 2011

Three years ago, May of 2011 my youngest sister graduated from high school. 
Who graduated from high school?
my youngest sister

I do not live where she goes to school, Jackson, MI
What city was this in?                
Jackson

I live about 6 hrs away in Illinois so I drove there with my husband for the ceremony. 
Who did you drive with for the ceremony?
my husband

I live about 6 hrs away in Illinois so I drove there with my husband for the ceremony. 
What state do you live ?
Illinois

I live about 6 hrs away in Illinois so I drove there with my husband for the ceremony. 
How many hours do you live away?
6 hrs
   
My husband and I checked into the local Americas Inn and we drove to the school. 
Where did you stay?                   
Americas Inn        

The school she was attending, Jackson High School is located on Wisner St so we drove over and went to the football stadium where the ceremony was held. 
What is the name of the school?       
Jackson High School

The school she was attending, Jackson High School is located on Wisner St so we drove over and went to the football stadium where the ceremony was held. 
What street is it located ?
Wisner St

The school she was attending, Jackson High School is located on Wisner St so we drove over and went to the football stadium where the ceremony was held. 
Where was the ceremony held ? 
football stadium

During the events of 9/11/2013 I was still a sophomore in High School. 
What grade level were you during the events?           
sophomore in High School

I was attending Jackson High School in Jackson, MI.
What school were you attending ?
Jackson High School

I was attending Jackson High School in Jackson, MI.
What city was your school in ?
Jackson

I was attending Jackson High School in Jackson, MI.
What state was your school in ?
MI

I was sitting in my sociology class with Mr. Weatherwax when another teacher, Mrs. Brown entered the classroom and spoke quitely to my teacher. 
Who was teaching the class?                    
Mr. Weatherwax

I was sitting in my sociology class with Mr. Weatherwax when another teacher, Mrs. Brown entered the classroom and spoke quitely to my teacher. 
What class were you sitting in ?
sociology class

I was sitting in my sociology class with Mr. Weatherwax when another teacher, Mrs. Brown entered the classroom and spoke quitely to my teacher. 
Who entered the classroom and spoke quitely to my teacher ?
Mrs. Brown

I remember talking with my best friend Loryn Smith about the craziness of what was happening.
What is the name of person you remember talking with ?
Loryn Smith

For Halloween this year, Ed Hurff, Kim Knudson, my fiance, Christopher Tricker and I all went to Half Moon Bay to visit the Pumpkin Festival. 
What month did you go there?                                 
October

For Halloween this year, Ed Hurff, Kim Knudson, my fiance, Christopher Tricker and I all went to Half Moon Bay to visit the Pumpkin Festival. 
What are the names of three people that went there with you? 
Ed Hurff, Kim Knudson, my fiance, Christopher Tricker and I

For Halloween this year, Ed Hurff, Kim Knudson, my fiance, Christopher Tricker and I all went to Half Moon Bay to visit the Pumpkin Festival.
What did you visit there?                                    
the Pumpkin Festival

For Halloween this year, Ed Hurff, Kim Knudson, my fiance, Christopher Tricker and I all went to Half Moon Bay to visit the Pumpkin Festival.
Where did you all go to ?
Half Moon Bay

We ate Pumpkin Pie and BBQ Ribs and saw the largest pumpkin in the state! 
What two things did you eat?                                
Pumpkin Pie and BBQ Ribs

We ate Pumpkin Pie and BBQ Ribs and saw the largest pumpkin in the state!
What did you see?                                            
the largest pumpkin in the state

My fiance, Christopher and I took a trip to San Diego for Thanksgiving in 2011. 
What is the name of the person took a trip to ? 
My fiance, Christopher

My fiance, Christopher and I took a trip to San Diego for Thanksgiving in 2011.
What month and year was it ?              
November 2011

We visited my sister, Alicia and her husband Sydd, and their children Gillian and Geoffery. 
What are the names of the four people you visited? 
my sister, Alicia and her husband Sydd, and their children Gillian and Geoffery

We had Thanksgiving dinner together and went black Friday shopping.
What did you have together?                        
Thanksgiving dinner

We had Thanksgiving dinner together and went black Friday shopping.
Where did you go together?
black Friday shopping

In 2011 March month me and my friends visited in Ooty in Tamil Nadu,  Mysore , Bangalore in Karnataka state.  
What month and year was this trip? 
March 2011

In 2011 March month me and my friends visited in Ooty in Tamil Nadu,  Mysore , Bangalore in Karnataka state.
What city did you visit?                                           
Ooty

In 2011 March month me and my friends visited in Ooty in Tamil Nadu,  Mysore , Bangalore in Karnataka state.
What state is it in ?
Karnataka

My best friends Godwin Jose, Melbin, Jithu and Jerin also join in the journey. 
What are the names of your best friends join in the journey ? 
My best friends Godwin Jose, Melbin, Jithu and Jerin

In all of these friends including me take the album and store in our home securely.
What did you take and store in your home securely?                      
album

Those one week we enjoy very much. 
How many weeks did you stay?                                
one week

this year in April we went to coorg - a hill station to spent summer vaction. we booked a cottage in mahindra resort. 
What month and year did you go there?                                              
April 2014                

this year in April we went to coorg - a hill station to spent summer vaction. we booked a cottage in mahindra resort
What resort did you book ?
mahindra resort

this year in April we went to coorg - a hill station to spent summer vaction. we booked a cottage in mahindra resort
Where did you go to ?
coorg - a hill station

this year in April we went to coorg - a hill station to spent summer vaction. we booked a cottage in mahindra resort
What did you book ?
a cottage

this place was 250 kms away from our home town.
How many kms away was this place from your home town?                                             
250 kms

we used our own vehicle for travelling. 
What did you use for travelling?
our own vehicle

the manager Mr.Babu,Administrator Mr. Joby; the servent Miss. sheela they were so nice and treated us very well. 
What was the name of the manager?       
Mr.Babu

the manager Mr.Babu,Administrator Mr. Joby; the servent Miss. sheela they were so nice and treated us very well. 
What was the name of Administrator ?              
Mr. Joby

the manager Mr.Babu,Administrator Mr. Joby; the servent Miss. sheela they were so nice and treated us very well. 
What was the name of servent ?
Miss. sheela

our driver, Mr. Raju was a nice person.
What was the name of your driver ?
Mr. Raju

we saw sunset in madikeri, another hill station which is 2500 feets above sea level.
Where did you see sunset in ?
madikeri
 
we saw sunset in madikeri, another hill station which is 2500 feets above sea level.
How many feets above sea leve is it ?
2500 

the tour guide mr. Moorthy, very nice person. 
What was the name of the tour guide ?
mr. Moorthy

my uncle had a car. 
Who had a car ?
my uncle

i was 10 years old at that time.
How old were you at that time ?
10

i am working in a bank. 
Where are you working in ?
a bank

my position is accountant. 
What is your position ?
accountant

the day  (22 December 2013) in the morning i went to bank as usual.
What date, month, and year was it ?
22 December 2013

the manager Mr. Prakash told me that cashier was leave on that day so i had to take the charge of cashier for smooth functioning of the day. 
Who was the manager ?
Mr. Prakash

the manager Mr. Prakash told me that cashier was leave on that day so i had to take the charge of cashier for smooth functioning of the day.
What did you have to take the charge of ?
cashier

it was around 11.30 am five or six persons came suddendly at a time in side the bank. 
What time was it around ?
11.30 am

it was taken 6 months to recover from this incident.
Hoe many months was it taken to recover ?
6 months

they asked me to give locker keys.
What did they ask you to give?
locker keys

After waiting for one requester from Amazon MTurk to post the many HITs it normally does, it turned out to be an especially large amount this time. 
What did you waiting for one requester from ?
Amazon MTurk

Enough for me to make $100 in a day. 
How much do you make in a day ?
$100

It took over 10 hours of my day, but the benefit exceeded the cost. 
How many hours did it take over of your day ?
10 hours

Some elementary school kid found it funny to make fun of my weight by singing "Milkshake" by that singer Kelis. 
Who found it funny to make fun of ?
Some elementary school kid

Some elementary school kid found it funny to make fun of my weight by singing "Milkshake" by that singer Kelis.
What did it make fun of ?
your weight

Some elementary school kid found it funny to make fun of my weight by singing "Milkshake" by that singer Kelis.
What did it by singing ?
"Milkshake"

Some elementary school kid found it funny to make fun of my weight by singing "Milkshake" by that singer Kelis.
Who was that singer ?
Kelis

I passed by hearing this, and told the kid to "fuck off." 
What did tell the kid?
"fuck off."

I really hate when people make fun of someone in a way that's so obvious in terms of hearing.
What do you really hate ?
when people make fun of someone in a way that's so obvious in terms of hearing.

For me it's the bad mistake of drinking chocolate milk, as it led to rough digestion, and I ended up vomiting.
What was it the bad mistake of drinking ?
chocolate milk

For me it's the bad mistake of drinking chocolate milk, as it led to rough digestion, and I ended up vomiting.
What did it lead to ?
rough digestion

For me it's the bad mistake of drinking chocolate milk, as it led to rough digestion, and I ended up vomiting.
What did you end up ?
vomiting

6 years ago, in Portland Oregon Ameerah was born. 
What year was this event?
2008

6 years ago, in Portland Oregon Ameerah was born. 
How many years ago was it ?
6

6 years ago, in Portland Oregon Ameerah was born. 
Who was born ?
Ameerah

6 years ago, in Portland Oregon Ameerah was born. 
What city was it ?
Portland

6 years ago, in Portland Oregon Ameerah was born. 
What state was it ?
Oregon

She was delivered via C section on April 8th.
What was she delivered via ?
C section

She was delivered via C section on April 8th.
What month and date was it ?
April 8th

5 years ago I got interviewed for a position as a server.   
What year did this event occur?
2009

5 years ago I got interviewed for a position as a server.   
How many years ago was it ?
5

5 years ago I got interviewed for a position as a server.
What did you get interviewed for a position as ?
server 

It was at a local sushi place that was my favorite. 
Where was it at ?
a local sushi place

3 years ago in September I went to dinner with Anthony.  
What month and year did this event occur?
September 2011

3 years ago in September I went to dinner with Anthony.  
How many years ago was it ?
3

3 years ago in September I went to dinner with Anthony.
Who did you go to dinner with ?
Anthony

We had been together for 4 years already. 
How many years already had you been together for ?
4

When we got our meal of Chinese food he pulled out a box. He opened it and slipped the ring on my finger and asked me if I would marry him.  
What kinds of food did you get ?
Chinese food

When we got our meal of Chinese food he pulled out a box. He opened it and slipped the ring on my finger and asked me if I would marry him. 
What did he slipped on your finger ?
the ring

When we got our meal of Chinese food he pulled out a box. He opened it and slipped the ring on my finger and asked me if I would marry him. 
What did he ask you ?
if I would marry him

This story is about my vacation with my boyfriend Conrad to Dominican Republic. (2012) 
What is the name of the person you were with ?
Conrad

This story is about my vacation with my boyfriend Conrad to Dominican Republic. (2012)
Who is the relationship of this person to you ?
my boyfriend

This story is about my vacation with my boyfriend Conrad to Dominican Republic. (2012)
Where was your vacation to ?
Dominican Republic

This story is about my vacation with my boyfriend Conrad to Dominican Republic. (2012)
What year was it ?
2012

We went to Playa grande beach every day.  
What beach did you go to every day ?
Playa grande beach

We also drove around Santo Domingo and fed stray puppies.
Where did you drive around also ?
Santo Domingo

We also drove around Santo Domingo and fed stray puppies.
What did yor feed ?
stray puppies

I am at my boyfriend Conrad at a club 4 years ago.  
How many years ago was it ?
4

I am at my boyfriend Conrad at a club 4 years ago.
Who were you at ? 
my boyfriend Conrad 

I am at my boyfriend Conrad at a club 4 years ago.
Where did you meet this person ?
at a club

I never thought that he would be the love of my life.  
What did you never think ?
he would be the love of my life

We talked briefly in the club and exchanged information. 
Where did you talk briefly ?
in the club

Eventually we met up in Las Vegas for our first date.
What city did you meet up for your first date ?
Las Vegas

I was a bridesmaid for my cousin Stacy's wedding.  
What was I ?
a bridesmaid 

I was a bridesmaid for my cousin Stacy's wedding.
What was the name of the person's wedding ?
my cousin Stacy

I wore a beautiful lilac colored dress that fit very well.
What did you wear ?
a beautiful lilac colored dress

Her wedding was outdoors around 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
What time was her wedding around ?
2 o'clock in the afternoon.

after 5 days we gone to honeymoon.
How many days did we go to honeymoon?
5

We go to shimla and manali. 
Where did you go to ?
shimla and manali

It was a adventures tour.
What was it ?
adventures tour

There were lot of activities there as there was lot of snow fall in the valley. 
What was in the valley ?
snow fall

i go to college for ny post graduate.
Where did you go to college for ?
ny post graduate

I was 19 when i started learning how to ride my bike. 
How old were you ?
19

I was 19 when i started learning how to ride my bike.
What did you start learning ?
how to ride my bike

While am I am working at ESSAR Refinery Jamnagar in 2012, I went to Diu with Apurv, Jagdeesh, Jayeesh, Anil. 
Where are you working at ? 
ESSAR Refinery Jamnagar

While am I am working at ESSAR Refinery Jamnagar in 2012, I went to Diu with Apurv, Jagdeesh, Jayeesh, Anil.
What year was it ?
2012

While am I am working at ESSAR Refinery Jamnagar in 2012, I went to Diu with Apurv, Jagdeesh, Jayeesh, Anil.
Where did you go to ?
Diu

While am I am working at ESSAR Refinery Jamnagar in 2012, I went to Diu with Apurv, Jagdeesh, Jayeesh, Anil. 
What are the names of four people did you go with ?
Apurv, Jagdeesh, Jayeesh, Anil

On the way, I also went to Somnath temple by morning 6am to see arthi to Lord Shiva. 
Where did you go to also on the way ?
Somnath temple

On the way, I also went to Somnath temple by morning 6am to see arthi to Lord Shiva. 
What time did you go by ?
6am

On the way, I also went to Somnath temple by morning 6am to see arthi to Lord Shiva.
What did you go to see ?
arthi to Lord Shiva

In my hometown Harur, I learned swimming in a well at Eattipatty village. It was December month, my trainers are my father, my friend rajesh.  
What is your hometown ?
Harur

In my hometown Harur, I learned swimming in a well at Eattipatty village. It was December month, my trainers are my father, my friend rajesh. 
What village did you learned swimming ?
Eattipatty

In my hometown Harur, I learned swimming in a well at Eattipatty village. It was December month, my trainers are my father, my friend rajesh.
What month was it ?
December

In my hometown Harur, I learned swimming in a well at Eattipatty village. It was December month, my trainers are my father, my friend rajesh.
Who are your trainers ?
my father, my friend rajesh

In 2012 August 29th, I came by flight for first time from Ahmedabad to Bengaluru.
What year, month, and date was it ?
2012 August 29th

In 2012 August 29th, I came by flight for first time from Ahmedabad to Bengaluru.
Where did you come by flight for first time from ?
Ahmedabad

In 2012 August 29th, I came by flight for first time from Ahmedabad to Bengaluru.
Where did you come by flight for first time to ?
Bengaluru

I came through flight of spice jet for 2 hrs.
What did you come through flight of ?
spice jet

I came through flight of spice jet for 2 hrs.
How many hours was it ?
2 hrs

From Bengalru my uncle sakthi picked me and travel to home for 400kms in scorpio 
What is the name of your uncle ?
sakthi

From Bengalru my uncle sakthi picked me and travel to home for 400kms in scorpio 
Where did your uncle pick you and travel ?
Bengalru

From Bengalru my uncle sakthi picked me and travel to home for 400kms in scorpio
How many kms was it ?
400kms

From Bengalru my uncle sakthi picked me and travel to home for 400kms in scorpio
Where was your home in ?
scorpio


