What month did the event occur?
When year did the event occur?
What month and year did the event occur?                 
What month did you travel ?                                       
What year did you travel ?
What month and year did you travel ?
What month did the activity occur?  
What year did the activity occur?
What month and year did the activity occur?
What month did the learning occur?
What year  did the learning occur?  
What month and year did the learning occur?  
What month did the meeting occur?
What year did the meeting occur?
What month and year did the meeting occur? 
What month did you first meet?
What year did you first meet?
What month and year did you first meet?
What month did you learn about it?                                
What year did you learn about it?           
What month and year did you learn about it? 

What city and county did the event occur?
What city did the event occur? 
What country did the event occur?
What town did the event occur? 
What city and county did this activity occur?
What city did this activity occur?            
What country did this activity occur?
What town did this activity occur?  
What location were you?  
What country did you first meet ?
What state did you first meet ?
What town did you first meet ?
What city did you first meet ?
What beach did you first meet ?
What location did you first meet ?
What city did this person live?
What state did this person live?
What town did this person live?
What country did this person live?
What city and country did this person live?
What city were you when you learned about it?                                   
What town were you when you learned about it? 
What city and town were you when you learned about it?

What do you remember doing at the event?
What do you remember someone else doing at the event?
What do you remember doing?
What do you remember someone else doing?
What were you doing at this occassion?
What do you remember doing when you learned about this event?
What do you remember doing after you learned about this event?

What type of transportation did you use?
What types of transportation did you use?
                                         
How long did you stay?
How did you learn?
How did you learn about it?
How long did the learning last?
                                                           
Who are the people you visited on your trip?                                
Who are the people were engaged in this activity with you ?      
Who are the people were cheering you ? 
Who are the people who taught you this skill ? 
Who are the person you met?                                                   
Who are the person introduced you 
Who are the person you met doing at this occassion?
Who are the person you want to talk about?
Who are the people were there with you ? 
Who out of your friend or acquaitance circle was personally affected by this event?
What is the relationship of this person to you?

What are the places you visited on your trip?
What are the attractions you visited on your trip?
What are the places or attractions you visited on your trip?

What fact do you remember about this person?
What fact do you remember about their family?
What other fact do you remember about this person?
What other fact do you remember about their family?
